  Ham.   A whole one I!
    O what a rogue and peasant slave am I!
  Ham. No, not I!
    For Hecuba!
    Dear maid, kind sister, sweet Ophelia!
  King. Pretty Ophelia!
    To sleep- perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub!
    Come, some music!
    My father, in his habit as he liv'd!
  Ham. [draws] How now? a rat? Dead for a ducat, dead!
  Queen. Alas, he's mad!
  King. O heavy deed!
  Oph. O my lord, my lord, I have been so affrighted!
  Laer. My will, not all the world!
    Seem to me all the uses of this world!
    Which let thy wisdom fear. Hold off thy hand!
    one flesh; and so, my mother. Come, for England!
  Ham. I see a cherub that sees them. But come, for England!
  Ham. [aside] A little more than kin, and less than kind!
    His canon 'gainst self-slaughter! O God! God!
  Ham. O God!
  Ham. [aside] Wormwood, wormwood!
  Guil. My honour'd lord!
  Mar. My good lord!
  Ros. My most dear lord!
  Hor. O, my dear lord!
  Ham. Or of a courtier, which could say 'Good morrow, sweet lord!
  Hor. (within) My lord, my lord!
  Queen. Alas, look here, my lord!
  Mar. Illo, ho, ho, my lord!
  Hor. Remember it, my lord!
  Hor. Do not, my lord!
  Ros. Good my lord!
    Be soft as sinews of the new-born babe!
    O, vengeance!
    How smart a lash that speech doth give my conscience!
    And you are stay'd for. There- my blessing with thee!
    Farewell. My blessing season this in thee!
    T' have seen what I have seen, see what I see!
      If, once a widow, ever I be wife!
  Hor. O day and night, but this is wondrous strange!
    Why, this is hire and salary, not revenge!
    your table!
  Ham. O, horrible! O, horrible! most horrible!
    (Things standing thus unknown) shall live behind me!
  Pol. Yet here, Laertes? Aboard, aboard, for shame!
              Alack, and fie for shame!
    church. Argal, the gallows may do well to thee. To't again, come!
    I doubt some foul play. Would the night were come!
  Laer. I am lost in it, my lord. But let him come!
    But come!
    To those of mine!
      Make us again count o'er ere love be done!
  Mar. 'Tis gone!
  Ber. 'Tis here!
  Hor. 'Tis here!
  Queen. No more!
    eyes. Prithee no more!
  Queen. O, speak to me no more!
  Queen. O Hamlet, speak no more!
    And pity 'tis 'tis true. A foolish figure!
    How dangerous is it that this man goes loose!
    But break my heart, for I must hold my tongue!
  King. [aside] O, 'tis too true!
    Fare you well, my dove!
  Ham. Ay, so, God b' wi' ye!
    Burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye!
  Ber. Long live the King!
    With forms to his conceit? And all for nothing!
  Ham. And smelt so? Pah!
  Laer. To cut his throat i' th' church!
    O wretched state! O bosom black as death!
    Visit her face too roughly. Heaven and earth!
    O, speak!
  Hor. Stay! Speak, speak! I charge thee speak!
    Did sometimes march? By heaven I charge thee speak!
    Look where he goes even now out at the portal!
  Other. Marry, now I can tell!
  Pol. God b' wi' ye, fare ye well!
  Pol. Farewell!
    Thou wretched, rash, intruding fool, farewell!
  All. We will, we will!
    And thy best graces spend it at thy will!
  Mar. O, wonderful!
  Ham. O my prophetic soul!
         God 'a'mercy on his soul!
  Laer. The devil take thy soul!
  Ham. Good madam!
  Oph. O heavenly powers, restore him!
  Hor. Heaven secure him!
    Pleasant and helpful to him!
  Queen. For love of God, forbear him!
  Queen. But not by him!
    O most pernicious woman!
    O heavy burthen!
  Queen. Ay, amen!
  All. Gentlemen!
  Pol. Well be with you, gentlemen!
  Hor. Not I, my lord, by heaven!
    Unmix'd with baser matter. Yes, by heaven!
  All. No, let's come in!
  Laer. Well, again!
    But soft! behold! Lo, where it comes again!
  Mar. Peace! break thee off! Look where it comes again!
  Ham. A murtherer and a villain!
    O villain, villain, smiling, damned villain!
    Remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain!
    With this slave's offal. Bloody bawdy villain!
  Pol. [behind] O, I am slain!
      And never come mischance between us twain!
    A scullion!
    I'll cross it, though it blast me.- Stay illusion!
  All. Treason! treason!
    Both countenance and excuse. Ho, Guildenstern!
    Th' observ'd of all observers- quite, quite down!
  Oph. O, what a noble mind is here o'erthrown!
  Mar. Holla, Bernardo!
    O, ho!
  Osr. Look to the Queen there, ho!
    Help, help, ho!
  Ham. O, I die, Horatio!
  Ham. What, ho, Horatio!
    Or ever I had seen that day, Horatio!
  Ham. No, by the rood, not so!
  Other. Go to!
  Pol. Ay, fashion you may call it. Go to, go to!
  Hor. Hail to your lordship!
  Pol. [behind] What, ho! help, help, help!
  Ham. For God's love let me hear!
    That hurts by easing. But to the quick o' th' ulcer!
    Give me my father!
  Ham. (within) Mother, mother, mother!
    Would quake to look on. Soft! now to my mother!
  Ham. Hark you, Guildenstern- and you too- at each ear a hearer!
  Other. Nay, but hear you, Goodman Delver!
  Ros. [to Polonius] God save you, sir!
  Ham. Hear you, sir!
    God bless you, sir!
  King. Alas, alas!
  Ham. Hold off your hands!
      As low as to the fiends!
  Hor. Look, my lord, it comes!
  Ham. On him, on him! Look you how pale he glares!
    O, this is counter, you false Danish dogs!
    Possess it merely. That it should come to this!
  Queen. O, what a rash and bloody deed is this!
  Hor. Why, what a king is this!
  Ham. These tedious old fools!
  Hor. No, by no means!
  Oph. O, help him, you sweet heavens!
  Ham.   Aha! Come, some music! Come, the recorders!
  Ham. And do still, by these pickers and stealers!
    With such dexterity to incestuous sheets!
  All. Lights, lights, lights!
  Ham. Angels and ministers of grace defend us!
    Speak of it! Stay, and speak!- Stop it, Marcellus!
    I ha't!
  Oph. Indeed, la, without an oath, I'll make an end on't!
  Laer. I will do't!
    And put it in his pocket!
  Queen. Hamlet, Hamlet!
  Gentlemen. (within) Hamlet! Lord Hamlet!
  Mar. Lord Hamlet!
  Queen. No, no! the drink, the drink! O my dear Hamlet!
    No more, sweet Hamlet!
    Ah, mine own lord, what have I seen to-night!
  Ham. Why, right! You are in the right!
    That ever I was born to set it right!
  Pol. Marry, well bethought!
  Ham. So be it!
    But do not go with it!
    Conscience and grace, to the profoundest pit!
  Ham. Judgment!
  Ham. Why, man, they did make love to this employment!
  Laer. O, fear me not!
    And shall I couple hell? Hold, hold, my heart!
    Queen. O, confound the rest!
    And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest!
    To ears of flesh and blood. List, list, O, list!
  Ham. Alas, poor ghost!
      When second husband let me be accurst!
    I am dead, Horatio. Wretched queen, adieu!
  Ham. O Jephthah, judge of Israel, what a treasure hadst thou!
    Should patch a wall t' expel the winter's flaw!
    Thaw, and resolve itself into a dew!
  Ham. If she should break it now!
  Laer. Have at you now!
    And lose the name of action.- Soft you now!
    Till our scale turn the beam. O rose of May!
    O, say!
  King. Give me some light! Away!
    And hit the woundless air.- O, come away!
  King. O Gertrude, come away!
  Ber. See, it stalks away!
  Ham. Why, look you there! Look how it steals away!
  Queen. How cheerfully on the false trail they cry!
  Pol. At 'closes in the consequence'- Ay, marry!
    And meant to wrack thee; but beshrew my jealousy!
    Over the nasty sty!
  Ham. Buzz, buzz!
    A worthy pioner! Once more remove, good friends."
  King. 'Tis Hamlet's character. 'Naked!'
    They cry 'Choose we! Laertes shall be king!'
    'Laertes shall be king! Laertes king!'
    Whips out his rapier, cries 'A rat, a rat!'
    epitaph is 'For O, for O, the hobby-horse is forgot!'
    As 'Well, well, we know,' or 'We could, an if we would,'
    'I saw him enter such a house of sale,'
    Why yet I live to say 'This thing's to do,'
    That I have Positively said ''Tis so,'
    Or 'If we list to speak,' or 'There be, an if they might,'
           'As by lot, God wot,'
    A face without a heart,'
  1. Play. 'But who, O who, had seen the mobled queen-'
         'The rugged Pyrrhus, like th' Hyrcanian beast-'
                                                          HAMLET.'
                            'He that thou knowest thine, HAMLET.'
                                                     'HAMLET.'
    'In her excellent white bosom, these, &c.'
              An thou hadst not come to my bed.'
              You promis'd me to wed.'
    It is 'Adieu, adieu! Remember me.'
    And a man's life is no more than to say 'one.'
    And in a postscript here, he says 'alone.'
           The which he loved passing well.'
    gentleman.'
                              A noise within: 'Let her come in.'
           'It came to pass, as most like it was.'
      And passion in the gods.'
         Old grandsire Priam seeks.'
  Ham. Seems, madam, Nay, it is. I know not 'seems.'
    'Thus didest thou.'
  Ham. Gentlemen, you are welcome to Elsinore. Your hands, come! Th'
  Ham. No, no! They do but jest, poison in jest; no offence i' th'
    Could not (with all their quantity of love)
      (Unless things mortal move them not at all)
    (For so this side of our known world esteem'd him)
  Oph. (Sings)
  Clown. (Sings)
  Oph. (sings)
  Oph. (sings)
  Oph. (sings)
  Clown. (sings)
    [Aside] To my sick soul (as sin's true nature is)
    Her father and myself (lawful espials)
    gently; for in the very torrent, tempest, and (as I may say)
           (Hey non nony, nony, hey nony)
    (As how should it be so? how otherwise?),
    I have a daughter (have while she is mine),
    (For which, they say, you spirits oft walk in death),
    To put an antic disposition on),
    Like wonder-wounded hearers? This is I,
    Yet I,
  Oph. You must sing 'A-down a-down, and you call him a-down-a.' O,
    What's Hecuba to him, or he to Hecuba,
    That beetles o'er his base into the sea,
    Than may be given you. In few, Ophelia,
  Laer. Too much of water hast thou, poor Ophelia,
    And fall a-cursing like a very drab,
    Or given my heart a winking, mute and dumb,
    lowest note to the top of my compass; and there is much music,
    Lord Hamlet, with his doublet all unbrac'd,
    Whose spirit, with divine ambition puff'd,
    Whom I will trust as I will adders fang'd,
    'Tis heavy with him; and am I then reveng'd,
      Repugnant to command. Unequal match'd,
    And where 'tis so, th' offender's scourge is weigh'd,
  Oph. 'Tis in my memory lock'd,
    So lust, though to a radiant angel link'd,
    Unhous'led, disappointed, unanel'd,
    In his true nature, and we ourselves compell'd,
    No hat upon his head, his stockings foul'd,
    But let this same be presently perform'd,
    And carriage of the article design'd,
    That have a father klll'd, a mother stain'd,
    Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damn'd,
    That, from her working, all his visage wann'd,
    Wherein we saw thee quietly inurn'd,
    Wherein necessity, of matter beggar'd,
    That I, the son of a dear father murther'd,
    Too oft before their buttons be disclos'd,
    When that her golden couplets are disclos'd,
    And gather by him, as he is behav'd,
    By desperate appliance are reliev'd,
    It was against your Highness; whereat griev'd,
    But virtue, as it never will be mov'd,
    Which may to you, perhaps, seein much unsinew'd,
    Than Young Laertes, in a riotous head,
    And at our more consider'd time we'll read,
    He took my father grossly, full of bread,
    But look, the morn, in russet mantle clad,
    And then, they say, no spirit dare stir abroad,
    In the rank sweat of an enseamed bed,
  Guil. Nor do we find him forward to be sounded,
    Could you on this fair mountain leave to feed,
    And I, of ladies most deject and wretched,
    enough, and likelihood to lead it; as thus: Alexander died,
    Of his own just remove; the people muddied,
    Is death of fathers, and who still hath cried,
    Those friends thou hast, and their adoption tried,
    That, on the supervise, no leisure bated,
    Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrated,
  Ros. He does confess he feels himself distracted,
      With Hecate's ban thrice blasted, thrice infected,
      Thou mixture rank, of midnight weeds collected,
    I thought thy bride-bed to have deck'd, sweet maid,
    And, as you said, and wisely was it said,
  Oph. My honour'd lord, you know right well you did,
    In dreadful secrecy impart they did,
    Which happily foreknowing may avoid,
    And you, my sinews, grow not instant old,
  Fran. For this relief much thanks. 'Tis bitter cold,
    That treason can but peep to what it would,
    The treacherous instrument is in thy hand,
    So nightly toils the subject of the land,
         And hath shipped me intil the land,
    I cannot live to hear the news from England,
    You from the Polack wars, and you from England,
  Osr. Young Fortinbras, with conquest come from Poland,
    You, good Cornelius, and you, Voltemand,
  Oph. No, my good lord; but, as you did command,
    (O royal knavery!), an exact command,
    I dare damnation. To this point I stand,
      For who not needs shall never lack a friend,
    For loan oft loses both itself and friend,
    And You must put me in your heart for friend,
      And hitherto doth love on fortune tend,
      And thou shalt live in this fair world behind,
    The flash and outbreak of a fiery mind,
    Too slightly timber'd for so loud a wind,
    And, like a man to double business bound,
      Neptune's salt wash and Tellus' orbed ground,
    Millions of acres on us, till our ground,
    Your party in converse, him you would sound,
    which this ass now o'erreaches; one that would circumvent God,
    Form of the thing, each word made true and good,
    A savageness in unreclaimed blood,
    As stars with trains of fire, and dews of blood,
    Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood,
    Were thicker than itself with brother's blood,
    Excitements of my reason and my blood,
      So, as a painted tyrant, Pyrrhus stood,
    As did that one; and that, in my regard,
    'Tis given out that, sleeping in my orchard,
    Brief let me be. Sleeping within my orchard,
  Laer. My dread lord,
  Pol. Th' ambassadors from Norway, my good lord,
    I'll blessing beg of you.- For this same lord,
  Ros. Where the dead body is bestow'd, my lord,
  Hor. What if it tempt you toward the flood, my lord,
  Oph. And hath given countenance to his speech, my lord,
  Rey. Ay, my lord,
  Oph. Good my lord,
  Laer. Ay my lord,
    The ratifiers and props of every word,
    The courtier's, scholar's, soldier's, eye, tongue, sword,
      Striking too short at Greeks. His antique sword,
      Takes prisoner Pyrrhus' ear. For lo! his sword,
    But even then the morning cock crew loud,
    Resembles that it was. What it should be,
  Queen. If it be,
      Where late the diadem stood, and for a robe,
    This is th' imposthume of much wealth and peace,
    For I mine eyes will rivet to his face,
    As they fell out by time, by means, and place,
    It will but skin and film the ulcerous place,
    Would gambol from. Mother, for love of grace,
    Their virtues else- be they as pure as grace,
    If thou hast any sound, or use of voice,
    A sword unbated, and, in a pass of practice,
    Offence's gilded hand may shove by justice,
    So, by my former lecture and advice,
    Which done, she took the fruits of my advice,
    To exploit now ripe in my device,
    You that look pale and tremble at this chance,
    There falling out at tennis'; or perchance,
    One scene of it comes near the circumstance,
    For art and exercise in your defence,
    That both the world, I give to negligence,
    Sir, in this audience,
    Each small annexment, petty consequence,
    Led by a delicate and tender prince,
  Hor. Now cracks a noble heart. Good night, sweet prince,
    And what's in prayer but this twofold force,
         A pickaxe and a spade, a spade,
  Ham. Do you not come your tardy son to chide,
    Thereto prick'd on by a most emulate pride,
    All from her father's death. O Gertrude, Gertrude,
    He's lov'd of the distracted multitude,
    For what advancement may I hope from thee,
    Mine and my father's death come not upon thee,
    O limed soul, that, struggling to be free,
    Make mad the guilty and appal the free,
      Which now, like fruit unripe, sticks on the tree,
    life,
    Thrown out his angle for my Proper life,
  Hor. It was, as I have seen it in his life,
    Unto young Hamlet; for, upon my life,
    To grunt and sweat under a weary life,
      Both here and hence pursue me lasting strife,
    You are the Queen, your husband's brother's wife,
    With mirth in funeral, and with dirge in marriage,
    Nor the dejected havior of the visage,
    Colleagued with this dream of his advantage,
  Pol. Have I, my lord? Assure you, my good liege,
    Or quit in answer of the third exchange,
  Laer. Hadst thou thy wits, and didst persuade revenge,
    Witness this army of such mass and charge,
    When the compulsive ardour gives the charge,
    And many such-like as's of great charge,
  Ham. He did comply with his dug before he suck'd it. Thus has he,
    Thou know'st 'tis common. All that lives must die,
    Hath turn'd itself on me. Lo, here I lie,
    With arms encumb'red thus, or this head-shake,
    And he, repulsed, a short tale to make,
    The nights are wholesome, then no planets strike,
    Clamb'ring to hang, an envious sliver broke,
    For it is as the air, invulnerable,
    Be thy intents wicked or charitable,
    The heyday in the blood is tame, it's humble,
    Depriv'd thee of! Hold off the earth awhile,
  Ber. Sit down awhile,
    Absent thee from felicity awhile,
    In equal scale weighing delight and dole,
    Upon my secure hour thy uncle stole,
    So frown'd he once when, in an angry parle,
    Nor what he spake, though it lack'd form a little,
    A cutpurse of the empire and the rule,
            Quoth she, 'Before you tumbled me,
    To punish me with this, and this with me,
    If it be so- as so 'tis put on me,
    Would make them capable.- Do not look upon me,
    That may to thee do ease, and, race to me,
    pipe? Call me what instrument you will, though you can fret me,
    That liberal shepherds give a grosser name,
    Our state to be disjoint and out of frame,
    For who would bear the whips and scorns of time,
    Where, as they had deliver'd, both in time,
    But that I know love is begun by time,
              All in the morning bedtime,
    In the most high and palmy state of Rome,
    That, if again this apparition come,
  Ghost. My hour is almost come,
  Ham. Here, thou incestuous, murd'rous, damned Dane,
    Receives rebuke from Norway, and, in fine,
    Nature is fine in love, and where 'tis fine,
  King. Take thy fair hour, Laertes. Time be thine,
  Ham. It will be short; the interim is mine,
    Whiles, like a puff'd and reckless libertine,
    If there be any good thing to be done,
    And thou must cure me. Till I know 'tis done,
    Yet now I must confess, that duty done,
    Let shame say what it will. When these are gone,
           He is gone, he is gone,
    You are the most immediate to our throne,
    Would, like the spring that turneth wood to stone,
    Singeing his pate against the burning zone,
      On Mars's armour, forg'd for proof eterne,
    That swoopstake you will draw both friend and foe,
    To be contracted in one brow of woe,
    Armed at point exactly, cap-a-pe,
    Let the birds fly, and like the famous ape,
      An anchor's cheer in prison be my scope,
      To desperation turn my trust and hope,
    For the supply and profit of our hope,
    To all that fortune, death, and danger dare,
    Where it draws blood no cataplasm so rare,
    And much offence too. Touching this vision here,
    Is it not monstrous that this player here,
    That, as the star moves not but in his sphere,
    That youth and observation copied there,
    Hath in the skirts of Norway, here and there,
    O Hamlet, what a falling-off was there,
         To their lord's murther. Roasted in wrath and fire,
    For every man hath business and desire,
    Grop'd I to find out them; had my desire,
         And thus o'ersized with coagulate gore,
         'One fair daughter, and no more,
    'twere, the mirror up to nature; to show Virtue her own feature,
    For use almost can change the stamp of nature,
  Laer. I am satisfied in nature,
    So crimeful and so capital in nature,
    A fault against the dead, a fault to nature,
    A violet in the youth of primy nature,
    Among a mineral of metals base,
    Will not peruse the foils; so that with ease,
    But, like the owner of a foul disease,
    Or by pronouncing of some doubtful phrase,
    Or (not to crack the wind of the poor phrase,
    Last, and as such containing as all these,
    Our purpose may hold there.- But stay, what noise,
    Till then sit still, my soul. Foul deeds will rise,
    Through your dominions for this enterprise,
    For who that's but a queen, fair, sober, wise,
    As by your safety, wisdom, all things else,
    As my great power thereof may give thee sense,
    As any the most vulgar thing to sense,
      What to ourselves in passion we propose,
    brought, the gentleman willing, and the King hold his purpose,
         When he lay couched in the ominous horse,
    Sure he that made us with such large discourse,
    I had my father's signet in my purse,
    Whereon the numbers cannot try the cause,
    Like John-a-dreams, unpregnant of my cause,
      Doth rend the region; so, after Pyrrhus' pause,
    To tell the secrets of my prison house,
  Ham. The King doth wake to-night and takes his rouse,
    If thou art privy to thy country's fate,
      But woe is me! you are so sick of late,
    Let me be no assistant for a state,
    Th' imperial jointress to this warlike state,
    The safety and health of this whole state,
    Th' expectancy and rose of the fair state,
    As it doth well appear unto our state,
    Look thou character. Give thy thoughts no tongue,
    This above all- to thine own self be true,
    Would step from this to this? Sense sure you have,
    Why, what an ass am I! This is most brave,
    Is now most still, most secret, and most grave,
    They find us touch'd, we will our kingdom give,
    Upon the platform, 'twixt eleven and twelve,
       To contract- O- the time for- a- my behove,
  Oph. There's rosemary, that's for remembrance. Pray you, love,
       In youth when I did love, did love,
    I do receive your offer'd love like love,
    As meditation or the thoughts of love,
    This is the very ecstasy of love,
    From the fair forehead of an innocent love,
      For 'tis a question left us yet to prove,
    No, not to stay the finding of the axe,
    No, nor the fruitful river in the eye,
    With an auspicious, and a dropping eye,
    He swore had neither motion, guard, nor eye,
    Here in the cheer and comfort of our eye,
    Together with all forms, moods, shapes of grief,
  King. Laertes, I must commune with your grief,
  Queen. Good Hamlet, cast thy nighted colour off,
    And live the purer with the other half,
    So much from th' understanding of himself,
    I lov'd your father, and we love ourself,
  Laer. Thought and affliction, passion, hell itself,
    Where now it burns, Marcellus and myself,
    That to Laertes I forgot myself,
    Sits smiling to my heart; in grace whereof,
    And that I see, in passages of proof,
    That rots itself in ease on Lethe wharf,
            At his head a grass-green turf,
    Enter [priests with] a coffin [in funeral procession], King,
  Ham. An earnest conjuration from the King,
    That carry but half sense. Her speech is nothing,
    And can say nothing! No, not for a king,
    O thou vile king,
    At least, the whisper goes so. Our last king,
    Even in their promise, as it is a-making,
    As 'twere a thing a little soil'd i' th' working,
  Pol. Ay, or drinking, fencing, swearing, quarrelling,
    Awake the god of day; and at his warning,
    A chalice for the nonce; whereon but sipping,
    Most generous, and free from all contriving,
    nature: for anything so overdone is from the purpose of playing,
    If he steal aught the whilst this play is playing,
    Therefore I have entreated him along,
    Believe so much in him, that he is young,
    In going back to school in Wittenberg,
  Ham. My excellent good friends! How dost thou, Guildenstern? Ah,
    And thus do we of wisdom and of reach,
    Do not itself unkennel in one speech,
    plentiful lack of wit, together with most weak hams. All which,
    I'll tent him to the quick. If he but blench,
    I have seen myself, and serv'd against, the French,
    I your commission will forthwith dispatch,
           Hath clawed me in his clutch,
    You have been talk'd of since your travel much,
    And then this 'should' is like a spendthrift sigh,
    For, though I am not splenitive and rash,
    As love between them like the palm might flourish,
    Had I but time (as this fell sergeant, Death,
  Fort. This quarry cries on havoc. O proud Death,
    He should the bearers put to sudden death,
    Why thy canoniz'd bones, hearsed in death,
    That I am guiltless of your father's death,
    With pestilent speeches of his father's death,
    Nor windy suspiration of forc'd breath,
  Queen. Be thou assur'd, if words be made of breath,
    The King shall drink to Hamlet's better breath,
    That I shall live and tell him to his teeth,
  Hor. In faith,
    Tell him his pranks have been too broad to bear with,
    Than I to Hercules. Within a month,
    heavily with my disposition that this goodly frame, the earth,
    The cannons to the heavens, the heaven to earth,
    Cry to be heard, as 'twere from heaven to earth,
    To hide the slain? O, from this time forth,
    Holding a weak supposal of our worth,
    The hand more instrumental to the mouth,
  Hor. Not from his mouth,
    Make Ossa like a wart! Nay, an thou'lt mouth,
    Rankly abus'd. But know, thou noble youth,
  Hor. Of that I shall have also cause to speak,
    And let the kettle to the trumpet speak,
  Queen. Alack,
    Nor customary suits of solemn black,
    To be a preparation 'gainst the Polack,
    If he by chance escape your venom'd stuck,
    And curd, like eager droppings into milk,
    I bought an unction of a mountebank,
    As level as the cannon to his blank,
    Or my dear Majesty your queen here, think,
  Oph. I do not know, my lord, what I should think,
  Pol. I would fain prove so. But what might you think,
    Till that her garments, heavy with their drink,
    If I had play'd the desk or table book,
    We will bestow ourselves.- [To Ophelia] Read on this book,
  Queen. There is a willow grows aslant a brook,
    Who in her duty and obedience, mark,
    We do it wrong, being so majestical,
  King. Now must your conscience my acquittance seal,
    With juice of cursed hebona in a vial,
    history, pastoral, pastoral-comical, historical-pastoral,
  Queen. One woe doth tread upon another's heel,
      Break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel,
    What's near it with it. It is a massy wheel,
    That thou, dead corse, again in complete steel,
    Bow, stubborn knees; and heart with strings of steel,
    The wind sits in the shoulder of your sail,
    When we have shuffled off this mortal coil,
  Ber. Last night of all,
    Ears without hands or eyes, smelling sans all,
    Thus conscience does make cowards of us all,
    And so, without more circumstance at all,
    And bid me hold my peace. I pray you all,
    May fit us to our shape. If this should fall,
    To be forestalled ere we come to fall,
    That you, at such times seeing me, never shall,
    A little ere the mightiest Julius fell,
    Prompted to my revenge by heaven and hell,
    Bring with thee airs from heaven or blasts from hell,
    O shame! where is thy blush? Rebellious hell,
    But the great cannon to the clouds shall tell,
      A silence in the heavens, the rack stand still,
    No traveller returns- puzzles the will,
    Make choice of whom your wisest friends you will,
    Of unimproved mettle hot and full,
    Our sovereign process, which imports at full,
  Pol. Affection? Pooh! You speak like a green girl,
    To take him in the purging of his soul,
    I hold my duty as I hold my soul,
    Thou turn'st mine eyes into my very soul,
    'That can denote me truly. These indeed seem,
    Which, as her winks and nods and gestures yield them,
    That, for some vicious mole of nature in them,
    We o'erraught on the way. Of these we told him,
    That, being of so young clays brought up with him,
    You must not put another scandal on him,
      'Thine evermore, most dear lady, whilst this machine is to him,
    Is the great love the general gender bear him,
  1. Play. 'Anon he finds him,
  Ham. Let me see. [Takes the skull.] Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him,
    With tristful visage, as against the doom,
    At last, a little shaking of mine arm,
    Then goes he to the length of all his arm,
    No fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charm,
    And, as the sleeping soldiers in th' alarm,
    The glass of fashion and the mould of form,
      But, as we often see, against some storm,
      Th' unnerved father falls. Then senseless Ilium,
    Enter Fortinbras and English Ambassadors, with Drum,
    And, like the kind life-rend'ring pelican,
    So much as from occasion you may glean,
    did the first murther! This might be the pate of a Politician,
    And spur my dull revenge! What is a man,
  Ham. As th'art a man,
    For the apparel oft proclaims the man,
    newly come to court Laertes; believe me, an absolute gentleman,
      About the world have times twelve thirties been,
    It is a damned ghost that we have seen,
    Will so bestow ourselves that, seeing unseen,
    Therefore our sometime sister, now our queen,
    When honour's at the stake. How stand I then,
      But if the gods themselves did see her then,
  Ham. Rest, rest, perturbed spirit! So, gentlemen,
    Come hither, gentlemen,
    Upon the witness of these gentlemen,
    Though lewdness court it in a shape of heaven,
      And bowl the round nave down the hill of heaven,
    Against thy mother aught. Leave her to heaven,
    And now I'll do't. And so he goes to heaven,
    It shows a will most incorrect to heaven,
    Take it to heart? Fie! 'tis a fault to heaven,
    Show me the steep and thorny way to heaven,
    Then trip him, that his heels may kick at heaven,
    But never the offence. To bear all smooth and even,
    Of entrance to a quarrel; but being in,
    Whose worth, if praises may go back again,
    And the King's rouse the heaven shall bruit again,
    Would have reverted to my bow again,
    Will bring him to his wonted way again,
    Hamlet in madness hath Polonius slain,
  Queen. I doubt it is no other but the main,
    And in this harsh world draw thy breath in pain,
    Queen. Sleep rock thy brain,
    Within the book and volume of my brain,
  Ham. Up from my cabin,
    And, as the world were now but to begin,
    I stand in pause where I shall first begin,
    Whiles rank corruption, mining all within,
    Cut off even in the blossoms of my sin,
    And prologue to the omen coming on,
    For he was likely, had he been put on,
    But, in the gross and scope of my opinion,
    Thence to a lightness, and, by this declension,
    But in a fiction, in a dream of passion,
    Get from him why he puts on this confusion,
    To show my duty in your coronation,
    The very place puts toys of desperation,
    Who, dipping all his faults in their affection,
    And keep you in the rear of your affection,
  Capt. Truly to speak, and with no addition,
    But since, so jump upon this bloody question,
    about the mazzard with a sexton's spade. Here's fine revolution,
    By the o'ergrowth of some complexion,
    Revisits thus the glimpses of the moon,
    My custom always of the afternoon,
    Start up and stand an end. O gentle son,
    Oft breaking down the pales and forts of reason,
    Now see that noble and most sovereign reason,
  Ham. If it assume my noble father's person,
    The cock, that is the trumpet to the morn,
    Since frost itself as actively doth burn,
      But, orderly to end where I begun,
            'So would I 'a' done, by yonder sun,
    And thrice his head thus waving up and down,
  Hor. Well, sit we down,
    And, as he drains his draughts of Rhenish down,
    With an entreaty, herein further shown,
    Antiquity forgot, custom not known,
    Dies in his own too-much. That we would do,
    That he should weep for her? What would he do,
    That you know aught of me- this is not to do,
    He may not, as unvalued persons do,
    Do not as some ungracious pastors do,
    I once did hold it, as our statists do,
  Pol. You shall do marvell's wisely, good Reynaldo,
    And end his being. That done, he lets me go,
    favour she must come. Make her laugh at that. Prithee, Horatio,
    There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio,
  Ham. Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, Horatio,
    But I am very sorry, good Horatio,
    If't be th' affliction of his love, or no,
    Importing Denmark's health, and England's too,
    Who does it, then? His madness. If't be so,
    I do repent; but heaven hath pleas'd it so,
  Ham. I would not hear your enemy say so,
    And how, and who, what means, and where they keep,
    And convoy is assistant, do not sleep,
  Ham.   Why, let the strucken deer go weep,
    The bark is ready and the wind at help,
    No, let the candied tongue lick absurd pomp,
    Unpeg the basket on the house's top,
    Sith you have heard, and with a knowing ear,
    With a bare bodkin? Who would these fardels bear,
         For thou dost know, O Damon dear,
    Almost to jelly with the act of fear,
    For we will fetters put upon this fear,
    The virtue of his will; but you must fear,
    Being nature's livery, or fortune's star,
    And, but that great command o'ersways the order,
    That we can let our beard be shook with danger,
    This must not be.' And then I prescripts gave her,
    Been thus encount'red. A figure like your father,
    For we have closely sent for Hamlet hither,
    Folded the writ up in the form of th' other,
    Pale as his shirt, his knees knocking each other,
    That hath a stomach in't; which is no other,
    'Tis meet that some more audience than a mother,
  Ham. A bloody deed- almost as bad, good mother,
    'Tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother,
    As watchman to my heart. But, good my brother,
    Whose whisper o'er the world's diameter,
    Lends the tongue vows. These blazes, daughter,
    Fear it, Ophelia, fear it, my dear sister,
      And, like a neutral to his will and matter,
  Ham. Excellent, i' faith; of the chameleon's dish. I eat the air,
    Whether in sea or fire, in earth or air,
  Ham. Goes it against the main of Poland, sir,
    not honesty to have it thus set down; for you yourself, sir,
  Pol. Marry, well said, very well said. Look you, sir,
    Behind the arras hearing something stir,
              And dupp'd the chamber door,
    Is apoplex'd; for madness would not err,
  Mar. Thus twice before, and jump at this dead hour,
    And since so neighbour'd to his youth and haviour,
  Laer. For Hamlet, and the trifling of his favour,
    With windlasses and with assays of bias,
    To the inheritance of Fortinbras,
    His fell to Hamlet. Now, sir, young Fortinbras,
    Now follows, that you know, young Fortinbras,
    To Norway, uncle of young Fortinbras,
      In Mincing with his sword her husband's limbs,
    Thin settled age his sables and his weeds,
    It is our trick; nature her custom holds,
      Since love our hearts, and Hymen did our hands,
    There's a divinity that shapes our ends,
    O'ermaster't as you may. And now, good friends,
    question more in particular. What have you, my good friends,
    As thus, 'I know his father and his friends,
      Out, out, thou strumpet Fortune! All you gods,
  Ham. Ay, sir; that soaks up the King's countenance, his rewards,
    I'll wipe away all trivial fond records,
    Caps, hands, and tongues applaud it to the clouds,
    Feeds on his wonder, keep, himself in clouds,
    Breathing like sanctified and pious bawds,
    For like the hectic in my blood he rages,
    We should do when we would; for this 'would' changes,
    And tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes,
      The great man down, you mark his favourite flies,
  Ham. Being thus benetted round with villanies,
    And stand a comma 'tween their amities,
    His further gait herein, in that the levies,
    That patient merit of th' unworthy takes,
    Or to take arms against a sea of troubles,
    Of crowflowers, nettles, daisies, and long purples,
    the top of mine) an excellent play, well digested in the scenes,
    If thou canst mutine in a matron's bones,
    No trophy, sword, nor hatchment o'er his bones,
    His form and cause conjoin'd, preaching to stones,
    Which time she chaunted snatches of old tunes,
    Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres,
    And for the day confin'd to fast in fires,
    Where be his quiddits now, his quillets, his cases, his tenures,
    And let him, for a pair of reechy kisses,
    Acts little of his will. Tell me, Laertes,
  King. What is the cause, Laertes,
    And lose your voice. What wouldst thou beg, Laertes,
  King. Good Laertes,
    Revenge should have no bounds. But, good Laertes,
    And when he's not himself does wrong Laertes,
  Ham. That is Laertes,
    passionate action. The Poisoner with some three or four Mutes,
    Shark'd up a list of lawless resolutes,
    the readiness is all. Since no man knows aught of what he leaves,
    Into the madness wherein now he raves,
    In thews and bulk; but as this temple waxes,
    Had left the flushing in her galled eyes,
    By their oppress'd and fear-surprised eyes,
    He seem'd to find his way without his eyes,
    And more above, hath his solicitings,
    Save me and hover o'er me with your wings,
    If with too credent ear you list his songs,
  Ros. Nay, their endeavour keeps in the wonted pace; but there is,
    man; good. If the man go to this water and drown himself, it is,
    What majesty should be, what duty is,
    In ear and ear. O my dear Gertrude, this,
  King. Let's further think of this,
    Your loneliness.- We are oft to blame in this,
    Of habits evil, is angel yet in this,
  Ham. Look here upon th's picture, and on this,
    That I, in forgery of shapes and tricks,
    Keeps wassail, and the swagg'ring upspring reels,
      Rebellious to his arm, lies where it falls,
    Are mortis'd and adjoin'd; which when it falls,
         'The rugged Pyrrhus, he whose sable arms,
    A sister driven into desp'rate terms,
    Or I could make a prologue to my brains,
      About her lank and all o'erteemed loins,
    Is the main motive of our preparations,
         With blood of fathers, mothers, daughters, sons,
    Larded with many several sorts of reasons,
  King. O, for two special reasons,
    And let us once again assail your ears,
    Or paddling in your neck with his damn'd fingers,
    As you are friends, scholars, and soldiers,
    And his commission to employ those soldiers,
    Do not believe his vows; for they are brokers,
    Come, I will give you way for these your letters,
    Till the last trumpet. For charitable prayers,
    Our crown, our life, and all that we call ours,
    Yea, this solidity and compound mass,
    So tell him, with th' occurrents, more and less,
    Without debatement further, more or less,
    Mad call I it; for, to define true madness,
    That I essentially am not in madness,
    Thence to a watch, thence into a weakness,
    As one incapable of her own distress,
    And wager on your heads. He, being remiss,
         Bak'd and impasted with the parching streets,
    As he is very potent with such spirits,
    But mere implorators of unholy suits,
    Even to the teeth and forehead of our faults,
    Yet here she is allow'd her virgin crants,
    Your bedded hairs, like life in excrements,
    That, on the view and knowing of these contents,
    And even the like precurse of fierce events,
    Might, by the sovereign power you have of us,
    if that his Majesty would aught with us,
    For your desire to know what is between us,
    Whose image even but now appear'd to us,
    Be you content to lend your patience to us,
    If you do meet Horatio and Marcellus,
    Yet have I in me something dangerous,
  Ham. There's letters seal'd; and my two schoolfellows,
    This presence knows,
  Mar. Good now, sit down, and tell me he that knows,
    Convert his gives to graces; so that my arrows,
    That suck'd the honey of his music vows,
    On Fortinbras; which he, in brief, obeys,
    It hath the primal eldest curse upon't,
    Had witchcraft in't. He grew unto his seat,
    And for my soul, what can it do to that,
    A villain kills my father; and for that,
    (As I perceiv'd it, I must tell you that,
    Spurns enviously at straws; speaks things in doubt,
    That are but mutes or audience to this act,
    But, howsoever thou pursuest this act,
  Queen. Ay me, what act,
    Did slay this Fortinbras; who, by a seal'd compact,
    Carrying, I say, the stamp of one defect,
    Or rather say, the cause of this defect,
    By letters congruing to that effect,
    Tears in his eyes, distraction in's aspect,
    To lay our service freely at your feet,
  King. 'Tis sweet and commendable in your nature, Hamlet,
Flourish. [Enter Claudius, King of Denmark, Gertrude the Queen, Hamlet,
    Than a command to parley. For Lord Hamlet,
    That I will speak to thee. I'll call thee Hamlet,
  King. Give them the foils, young Osric. Cousin Hamlet,
  Oph. My lord, as I was sewing in my closet,
  Pol. Marry, sir, here's my drift,
    From our achievements, though perform'd at height,
    Queen. Nor earth to me give food, nor heaven light,
      Sport and repose lock from me day and night,
    Doom'd for a certain term to walk the night,
    'Tis now the very witching time of night,
    With us to watch the minutes of this night,
    Your skill shall, like a star i' th' darkest night,
    That aptly is put on. Refrain to-night,
    And whatsoever else shall hap to-night,
    If you have hitherto conceal'd this sight,
    Eyes without feeling, feeling without sight,
    Indeed would make one think there might be thought,
    But in our circumstance and course of thought,
    Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,
    So by his father lost; and this, I take it,
  Ham. O, throw away the worser part of it,
    Do you consent we shall acquaint him with it,
  Hor. It beckons you to go away with it,
    Of Hamlet's transformation. So I call it,
    So mortal that, but dip a knife in it,
  Fort. Let us haste to hear it,
    And am most sensibly in grief for it,
    The hearers to collection; they aim at it,
    We would not understand what was most fit,
    If Hamlet give the first or second hit,
  Ghost. I am thy father's spirit,
    Therefore, since brevity is the soul of wit,
  Ham. O that this too too solid flesh would melt,
    And here give up ourselves, in the full bent,
    How in my words somever she be shent,
    A heart unfortified, a mind impatient,
    Divided from herself and her fair-judgment,
    Is not to stir without great argument,
    Haply the seas, and countries different,
    My stronger guilt defeats my strong intent,
    Makes mouths at the invisible event,
    Will be some danger; which for to prevent,
    Fix'd on the summit of the highest mount,
    A brother's murther! Pray can I not,
    To you in satisfaction; but if not,
    Of all their conference. If she find him not,
    Mark the encounter. If he love her not,
    I prithee, when thou seest that act afoot,
    The harlot's cheek, beautied with plast'ring art,
    The head is not more native to the heart,
    In my heart's core, ay, in my heart of heart,
    This something-settled matter in his heart,
    If thou didst ever hold me in thy heart,
    Thy knotted and combined locks to part,
    Such as it is; and for my own poor part,
    Or you deny me right. Go but apart,
    That she should lock herself from his resort,
    To hear of it. They are here about the court,
  Ghost. Ay, that incestuous, that adulterate beast,
    Fell into a sadness, then into a fast,
    May violets spring! I tell thee, churlish priest,
    And when you are desirous to be blest,
    That I have utt'red. Bring me to the test,
    The ocean, overpeering of his list,
    As made the things more rich. Their perfume lost,
      That I distrust you. Yet, though I distrust,
    them to their trial-the bubbles are out,
    Make you to ravel all this matter out,
    And a most instant tetter bark'd about,
    The trumpet to the cannoneer without,
    Moreover that we much did long to see you,
  Pol. Ophelia, walk you here.- Gracious, so please you,
  Queen. Good gentlemen, he hath much talk'd of you,
    My too much changed son.- Go, some of you,
  Queen. Alas, how is't with you,
    Mark you,
    May do t' express his love and friending to you,
  Ham. Speak the speech, I pray you, as I pronounc'd it to you,
    So grace and mercy at your most need help you,
  Oph. There's fennel for you, and columbines. There's rue for you,
  Sailor. 'A shall, sir, an't please him. There's a letter for you,
    Whereof he is the head. Then if he says he loves you,
    Before my daughter told me), what might you,
    You, as your business and desires shall point you,
    Lost by his father, with all bands of law,
    But how does it well? It does well to those that do ill. Now,
            And I a maid at your window,
    Not of that dye which their investments show,
    Grows wide withal. Perhaps he loves you now,
  Pol. Ay, springes to catch woodcocks! I do know,
    And prais'd be rashness for it; let us know,
  Oph. My lord, I do not know,
 and then, you know,
         His beard was as white as snow,
    And, with his other hand thus o'er his brow,
    Or are you like the painting of a sorrow,
    translate beauty into his likeness. This was sometime a paradox,
    And it must follow, as the night the day,
    I saw him yesterday, or t'other day,
    (Sings) To-morrow is Saint Valentine's day,
    From the first corse till he that died to-day,
    Imperious Caesar, dead and turn'd to clay,
    The pangs of despis'd love, the law's delay,
    That guilty creatures, sitting at a play,
    Let Hercules himself do what he may,
    That you have ta'en these tenders for true pay,
    Or then, or then, with such or such; and, as you say,
    answer is I can make, you shall command; or rather, as you say,
    If Hamlet from himself be taken away,
    For bearers of this greeting to old Norway,
    Was, as you know, by Fortinbras of Norway,
    No, in despite of sense and secrecy,
    That you do bend your eye on vacancy,
    so. Three of the carriages, in faith, are very dear to fancy,
      Here stooping to your clemency,
    Here, as before, never, so help you mercy,
    (Sings) He is dead and gone, lady,
    Pro. For us, and for our tragedy,
  Pol. The best actors in the world, either for tragedy, comedy,
         For if the King like not the comedy,
    The natural gates and alleys of the body,
  Guil. But we both obey,
  Ham. Why,
  Ham. Why,
  Ham. I embrace it freely,
    Subscrib'd it, gave't th' impression, plac'd it safely,
    Th' oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely,
    And for your rapier most especially,
    Out of my weakness and my melancholy,
    Which are not sterling. Tender yourself more dearly,
    With this contagion, that, if I gall him slightly,
    Have we, as 'twere with a defeated joy,
    Whereon old Norway, overcome with joy,
      Meet what I would have well, and it destroy,
    As England was his faithful tributary,
    Well ratified by law and heraldry,
    He likewise gives a frock or livery,
      Purpose is but the slave to memory,
    That are so fortified against our story,
      And who in want a hollow friend doth try,
    there were no sallets in the lines to make the matter savoury,
  Mar. Horatio says 'tis but our fantasy,
    For goodness, growing to a plurisy,
    [Sings] By Gis and by Saint Charity,
      For women's fear and love holds quantity,
    As in their birth,- wherein they are not guilty,
    That they may seem the taints of liberty,
  Ham. Sir, I will walk here in the hall. If it please his Majesty,
    Costly thy habit as thy purse can buy,
    march. [Enter King, Queen, Polonius, Ophelia, Rosencrantz,
  Hor. Nay, good my lord -
    By heaven, I'll make a ghost of him that lets me!-
    Let me not think on't! Frailty, thy name is woman!-
  Ham. A king of shreds and patches!-
      Ophelia,'-
    'Good sir,' or so, or 'friend,' or 'gentleman'-
    Lives almost by his looks; and for myself,-
    My virtue or my plague, be it either which,-
    Since nature cannot choose his origin,-
    No noble rite nor formal ostentation,-
    And, England, if my love thou hold'st at aught,-
    Of thinking too precisely on th' event,-
  King. Hamlet, this deed, for thine especial safety,-
    We'll put the matter to the present push.-
    I'll lug the guts into the neighbour room.-
  Ham. 'Tis well. I'll have thee speak out the rest of this soon.-
    Good Gertrude, set some watch over your son.-
  Ham. I am very glad to see you.- [To Bernardo] Good even, sir.-
  Pol. [aside] Though this be madness, yet there is a method in't.-
  Ham. I will prophesy he comes to tell me of the players. Mark it.-
  Queen. Nay, but Ophelia-
    As make your bouts more violent to that end-
  Rey. But, my good lord-
    With, hoo! such bugs and goblins in my life-
    Rome-
    And that, I hope, will teach you to imagine-
    The bell then beating one-
    If thou didst ever thy dear father love-
    purpose, confess thyself-
    Virtue itself of vice must pardon beg-
    But soft! but soft! aside! Here comes the King-
    The King is a thing-
    But that the dread of something after death-
    By what it fed on; and yet, within a month-
  King. A very riband in the cap of youth-
    His means of death, his obscure funeral-
    His liberty is full of threats to all-
    Rough-hew them how we will-
  Ham. Does it not, thinks't thee, stand me now upon-
    But now, my cousin Hamlet, and my son-
    As infinite as man may undergo-
    And by opposing end them. To die- to sleep-
      A blanket, in the alarm of fear caught up-
    Of those effects for which I did the murther-
    on, only got the tune of the time and outward habit of encounter-
    he has laid a great wager on your head. Sir, this is the matter-
  Guil. The King, sir-
  Pol. Upon my honour-
    My tongue and soul in this be hypocrites-
    We'll make a solemn wager on your cunnings-
  Osr. You are not ignorant of what excellence Laertes is-
    Now, out of this-
  Ham. Then came each actor on his ass-
    With witchcraft of his wit, with traitorous gifts-
    That has no relish of salvation in't-
  Pol. Hath there been such a time- I would fain know that-
    That we find out the cause of this effect-
  Osr. I know you are not ignorant-
      For husband shalt thou-
    Is strict in his arrest) O, I could tell you-
    But I have that within which passeth show-
    See you now-
    (Sings) White his shroud as the mountain snow-
  Ber. Say-
    say-
    Worse than the mutinies in the bilboes. Rashly-
    When in your motion you are hot and dry-
    Of man and country-
ACT I. Scene I.
Act II. Scene I.
ACT III. Scene I.
ACT V. Scene I.
ACT IV. Scene I.
    Be buried quick with her, and so will I.
  Hor. That can I.
    My lord, not I.
Scene II.
Scene II.
Scene II.
Scene II.
Scene II.
Scene III.
Scene III.
Scene III.
Scene VII.
Scene VI.
Scene V.
Scene V.
Scene IV.
Scene IV.
Scene IV.
                                      Throws up [another skull].
                                            [Grapples with him].
at his post; then] Bernardo, [who approaches him].
                                   Exeunt [all but the Captain].
               [Drum; trumpets sound; a piece goes off [within].
                          Exeunt [Rosencrantz and Guildenstern].
                    change rapiers, [and Hamlet wounds Laertes].
Enter two Clowns, [with spades and pickaxes].
                                                    Attendants].
                       Exeunt King and Queen, [with Attendants].
        Enter Hamlet and Guildenstern [with Attendants].
                                      Exeunt King and Polonius].
                                                Exit [Polonius].
                                                Exit [Polonius].
                                        Exeunt [all but Hamlet].
                 Exeunt Polonius and Players [except the First].
    Hecuba.
Enter Laertes and Ophelia.
                      Enter Ophelia.
                       Enter Ophelia.
    Affront Ophelia.
  Laer. Why, as a woodcock to mine own springe, Osric.
  Pol. And let him ply his music.
      'Gainst Fortune's state would treason have pronounc'd.
  Mar. My lord, upon the platform where we watch'd.
  Ham. O villany! Ho! let the door be lock'd.
  Hor. You might have rhym'd.
    To hear him so inclin'd.
    And so am I reveng'd. That would be scann'd.
    Never to rise again. Thy mother's poison'd.
  Capt. Yes, it is already garrison'd.
    Are joyfully return'd.
  Queen. Drown'd, drown'd.
  Guil. Is in his retirement, marvellous distemper'd.
    A sable silver'd.
  King. Part them! They are incens'd.
    and aunt-mother are deceiv'd.
  Laer. He is justly serv'd.
    Not shriving time allow'd.
  Ham. Safely stow'd.
  Ham. No, by this bad.
  King. Dead.
    That Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead.
  Clown. One that was a woman, sir; but, rest her soul, she's dead.
  Ber. In the same figure, like the King that's dead.
      But die thy thoughts when thy first lord is dead.
    bonnet to his right use. 'Tis for the head.
  Hor. This lapwing runs away with the shell on his head.
    With all my imperfections on my head.
  Pol. That hath made him mad.
    I will be brief. Your noble son is mad.
      When second husband kisses me in bed.
  Ros. She desires to speak with you in her closet ere you go to bed.
    Good night- but go not to my uncle's bed.
    To be commanded.
  Pol. This business is well ended.
  Queen. Hamlet, thou hast thy father much offended.
  Ham. Mother, you have my father much offended.
  Mar. It is offended.
  Osr. It is indifferent cold, my lord, indeed.
  Ham. Indeed, upon my sword, indeed.
    Stick fiery off indeed.
  Pol. By th' mass, and 'tis like a camel indeed.
   You say right, sir; a Monday morning; twas so indeed.
  Queen. So he does indeed.
  King. She sounds to see them bleed.
  Guil. Nay, good my lord, this courtesy is not of the right breed.
    To the unsatisfied.
    Her mood will needs be pitied.
    Be all my sins rememb'red.
  Hor. While one with moderate haste might tell a hundred.
    When he th' ambitious Norway combated.
                 Enter Ophelia distracted.
    Which now goes too free-footed.
  Laer. A document in madness! Thoughts and remembrance fitted.
  Oph. I was the more deceived.
    by them, in his meed he's unfellowed.
    Friends both, go join you with some further aid.
    You need not tell us what Lord Hamlet said.
    Come short of what he did.
    man is twice a child.
  Ham. The air bites shrewdly; it is very cold.
    To what I shall unfold.
    world.
    Of this post-haste and romage in the land.
    into England.
    For England.
  Capt. Against some part of Poland.
    pick'd out of ten thousand.
  Hor. Do, if it will not stand.
    end.
    died. They say he made a good end.
    your friend.
    Perpend.
  Pol. The time invites you. Go, your servants tend.
    Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
    Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind.
    mind.
  Laer. Upon my life, Lamound.
    It waves you to a more removed ground.
    choose but weep to think they would lay him i' th' cold ground.
  Ham. Hic et ubique? Then we'll shift our ground.
  Hor. Friends to this ground.
  Ham. Good.
    No medicine in the world can do thee good.
    Yea, curb and woo for leave to do him good.
    It is not, nor it cannot come to good.
  Pol. That's good! 'Mobled queen' is good.
    Will want true colour- tears perchance for blood.
    Repast them with my blood.
  King. Follow him at foot; tempt him with speed aboard.
    should be old as I am if, like a crab, you could go backward.
Elsinore. A churchyard.
                            Enter a Lord.
  Hor. [aside to Hamlet] No, my good lord.
  Osr. Ay, my good lord.
  Mar. Nor I, my lord.
  Pol. Not I, my lord.
  Both. Arm'd, my lord.
  Pol. I mean, the matter that you read, my lord.
  Rey. Very good, my lord.
  Hor. There's no offence, my lord.
  Oph. At home, my lord.
    There, my lord.
  Hor. Not a jot more, my lord.
  Pol. That's very true, my lord.
  Laer. Most humbly do I take my leave, my lord.
  Pol. I have, my lord.
  Oph. 'Tis brief, my lord.
  Oph. I think nothing, my lord.
  Rey. As gaming, my lord.
  Hor. Propose the oath, my lord.
  Rey. I shall, my lord.
  Ros. We shall, my lord.
  Hor. Well, my lord.
  Rey. Well, my lord.
  Pol. Fare you well, my lord.
  Ham. Very well, my lord.
  Hor. Very well, my lord.
  Rey. Ay, very well, my lord.
  Rey. I will, my lord.
  Both. Ay, by heaven, my lord.
  Oph. No, my lord.
  Both [Mar. and Ber.] We do, my lord.
  Mar. You shall not go, my lord.
  Hor. E'en so, my lord.
  Ros. We think not so, my lord.
  Hor. You will lose this wager, my lord.
  Ros. Neither, my lord.
  Pol. The actors are come hither, my lord.
  Hor. These are but wild and whirling words, my lord.
  Oph. Nay 'tis twice two months, my lord.
  Oph. You are as good as a chorus, my lord.
  Capt. I will do't, my lord.
  Hor. It might, my lord.
  Guil. I know, no touch of it, my lord.
  Ros. I understand you not, my lord.
    The woman will be out. Adieu, my lord.
  Pol. I hear him coming. Let's withdraw, my lord.
  Oph. Ay, my lord.
  Oph. Ay, my lord.
  Hor. Ay, my lord.
  1. Play. Ay, my lord.
  1. Play. Ay, my lord.
  Oph. I shall obey, my lord.
  Oph. You are merry, my lord.
  Hor. A truant disposition, good my lord.
  Hor. Ay, good my lord.
  Ros. Ho, Guildenstern! Bring in my lord.
  King. Thanks, dear my lord.
    Than is my deed to my most painted word.
  Ham. O, but she'll keep her word.
  Ham. Ay, lady, it was my word.
  Ghost. [beneath] Swear by his sword.
  Ham. Upon my sword.
    And lay your hands again upon my sword.
    And for that purpose I'll anoint my sword.
    Swear by my sword.
    Swear by my sword.
  Ber. He.
    Till then in patience our proceeding be.
    what is't to leave betimes? Let be.
      But fill unshaken when they mellow be.
    So you will not o'errule me to a peace.
  Queen. Come, let me wipe thy face.
    Get you a place.
  Fran. Bernardo hath my place.
    He smote the sledded Polacks on the ice.
    On Fortinbras. He has my dying voice.
  Hor. Here, sweet lord, at your service.
    on the way, and hither are they coming to offer you service.
    And that our drift look through our bad performance.
    As fits a king's remembrance.
    Unsifted in such perilous circumstance.
    More honour'd in the breach than the observance.
  Laer. [aside] And yet it is almost against my conscience.
    And call the noblest to the audience.
  Ros. Ay, my lord. They stay upon your patience.
    Be something scanter of your maiden presence.
    To prick and sting her. Fare thee well at once.
    but now the time gives it proof. I did love you once.
  Ham. I am tame, sir; pronounce.
    And recks not his own rede.
    Your Grace has laid the odds o' th' weaker side.
  Guil. We will ourselves provide.
    Why thou art thus incens'd. Let him go, Gertrude.
  King. Let's follow, Gertrude.
    A ranker rate, should it be sold in fee.
    Bear't that th' opposed may beware of thee.
  Ham. Heaven make thee free of it! I follow thee.
    Go on. I'll follow thee.
    I say, away!- Go on. I'll follow thee.
  Queen. Nothing at all; yet all that is I see.
    what part a gentleman would see.
    If this did blast in proof. Soft! let me see.
    In thee there is not half an hour of life.
    That makes calamity of so long life.
    guilty of his own death shortens not his own life.
    Pursued my life.
    shall see anon how the murtherer gets the love of Gonzago's wife.
    And prey on garbage.
    His father's death and our o'erhasty marriage.
    Come on! You hear this fellow in the cellarage.
                 Ghost cries under the stage.
Enter Fortinbras with his Army over the stage.
  Ham. It would cost you a groaning to take off my edge.
    The triumph of his pledge.
    The speech, of vantage. Fare you well, my liege.
    Of the unworthiest siege.
    'Tis strange.
  Ham. 'Tis very strange.
    bellow for revenge.
    May sweep to my revenge.
  Pol. Faith, no, as you may season it in the charge.
    he.
    These hands are not more like.
  Queen. it may be, very like.
  King. The doors are broke.
  Clown. Ay, tell me that, and unyoke.
  Ham. Or like a whale.
  Pol. Very like a whale.
  Ber. How now, Horatio? You tremble and look pale.
  Hor. Nay, very pale.
  King. As of a man faithful and honourable.
  King. Set me the stoups of wine upon that table.
  Ham. They are coming to the play. I must be idle.
  Queen. Bestow this place on us a little while.
    King. 'Tis deeply sworn. Sweet, leave me here awhile.
  Ham. I'll play this bout first; set it by awhile.
Elsinore. A platform before the Castle.
Elsinore. The platform before the Castle.
Elsinore. A passage in the Castle.
Elsinore. A room of state in the Castle.
Elsinore. hall in the Castle.
Elsinore. A hall in the Castle.
A room in the Castle.
Elsinore. A room in the Castle.
Elsinore. A room in the Castle.
Elsinore. A room in the Castle.
Elsinore. A room in the Castle.
Elsinore. A room in the Castle.
Elsinore. Another room in the Castle.
Elsinore. Another room in the Castle.
    They shall go far with little.
    kill'd me.
    And they shall hear and judge 'twixt you and me.
    me of such things that it were better my mother had not borne me.
    To speak of horrors- he comes before me.
    Which now, to claim my vantage doth invite me.
  Ros. My lord, you once did love me.
    I am afeard You make a wanton of me.
    I pray you go with me.
  Ghost. Mark me.
  King. Come, Hamlet, come, and take this hand from me.
    And to the last bended their light on me.
    you cannot play upon me.
    What thou hast said to me.
    Speak to me.
    Speak to me.
    Of his affection to me.
    His access to me.
  Laer. Come, one for me.
  Ham. Indeed, indeed, sirs. But this troubles me.
  Ham. She well instructs me.
    To do't. Examples gross as earth exhort me.
  Queen. Come hither, my dear Hamlet, sit by me.
              By Cock, they are to blame.
    I can no more. The King, the King's to blame.
    That hath in it no profit but the name.
  King. The very same.
    Were nothing but to waste night, day, and time.
    So hallow'd and so gracious is the time.
    take longer time.
    Why day is day, night is night, and time is time.
  Ham. In happy time.
    Come.
  Ham. Hillo, ho, ho, boy! Come, bird, come.
    Be as ourself in Denmark. Madam, come.
    For her perfections. But my revenge will come.
  Ham. He will stay till you come.
  Ham. But soft! What noise? Who calls on Hamlet? O, here they come.
  Ham. You are welcome.
  Ham. And therefore as a stranger give it welcome.
    Will return'd shall know you are come home.
  Ham. One.
    I am more an antique Roman than a Dane.
  Mar. And liegemen to the Dane.
    mine.
    For my part, I do not lie in't, yet it is mine.
              To be your Valentine.
    Like quills upon the fretful porpentine.
  Ros. Then is the world one.
    To you yourself, to us, to every one.
    ere you had done.
  Priest. No more be done.
    Shows itself pure. He weeps for what is done.
    Now I am alone.
    To you alone.
  Other. Why, he had none.
    I will speak daggers to her, but use none.
              At his heels a stone.
    I took thee for thy better. Take thy fortune.
    For me, with sorrow I embrace my fortune.
    These but the trappings and the suits of woe.
    Could not so mope.
  Hor. Half a share.
    Much heat and him. I'll silence me even here.
  Ham. I would I had been there.
    It had been so with us, had we been there.
    or, if 'a do not, 'tis no great matter there.
    What is the issue of the business there.
      Where little fears grow great, great love grows there.
    And gins to pale his uneffectual fire.
    Out of the shot and danger of desire.
  Ham. I'll be with you straight. Go a little before.
              Never departed more.
    would trace him, his umbrage, nothing more.
    And from his mouth whose voice will draw on more.
    No more.
    Be but to sleep and feed? A beast, no more.
  Laer. Think it no more.
    And think it pastime. You shortly shall hear more.
    Elsinore.
SCENE.- Elsinore.
Near Elsinore.
    Within the centre.
  Ros. Without, my lord; guarded, to know your pleasure.
  Ham. I am constant to my purposes; they follow the King's pleasure.
  Ham. Here's the commission; read it at more leisure.
      phrase.
    Hath given me this. Now gather, and surmise.
      be otherwise.
    sense.
    That it is proof and bulwark against sense.
      The passion ending, doth the purpose lose.
    Is but to whet thy almost blunted purpose.
    Was sick almost to doomsday with eclipse.
  Oph. Still better, and worse.
    For this effect defective comes by cause.
    And our affairs from England come too late.
  King. [aside] It is the poison'd cup; it is too late.
    Of his true state.
      So far from cheer and from your former state.
    This bodes some strange eruption to our state.
    Fordo it own life. 'Twas of some estate.
    The rivals of my watch, bid them make haste.
    That else leans on th' affair. Pray you make haste.
    For the demand of our neglected tribute.
    The pith and marrow of our attribute.
  Ham. Go, go, you question with a wicked tongue.
  Queen. Come, come, you answer with an idle tongue.
    Give it an understanding but no tongue.
                      Enter Prologue.
    Occasion smiles upon a second leave.
    I'll board him presently. O, give me leave.
  Laer. I pray you give me leave.
  Rey. My lord, I have.
    Who was in life a foolish peating knave.
    But he's an arrant knave.
                                             Leaps in the grave.
    And not have strew'd thy grave.
    bad epitaph than their ill report while you live.
  Ham. No, good mother. Here's metal more attractive.
  Hor. I think it lacks of twelve.
    Buys out the law; but 'tis not so above.
            But never doubt I love.
      Whether love lead fortune, or else fortune love.
      Are base respects of thrift, but none of love.
    More grief to hide than hate to utter love.
  Ham. As woman's love.
    his love.
    As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve.
  Guil. Faith, her privates we.
    As day does to your eye.
  Hor. A mote it is to trouble the mind's eye.
    And you the judges, bear a wary eye.
  Ham. Marry, this is miching malhecho; it means mischief.
    My head should be struck off.
                   A flourish of trumpets, and two pieces go off.
                 Enter Hamlet and Horatio afar off.
                                                   are shot off.
    not off.
    The Devil himself.
    excellence; but to know a man well were to know himself.
    It is a poison temper'd by himself.
  Fran. Nay, answer me. Stand and unfold yourself.
  Pol. Observe his inclination in yourself.
    With fiery quickness. Therefore prepare thyself.
  Hor. As thou art to thyself.
    Must render up myself.
    Horatio!- or I do forget myself.
    Until my eyelids will no longer wag.
    the King.
    There is a play to-night before the King.
  Pol. Come, go with me. I will go seek the King.
    To lack discretion. Come, go we to the King.
    This is one Lucianus, nephew to the King.
    Then, venom, to thy work.                    Hurts the King.
Enter King.
                    Enter King.
  Queen. But look where sadly the poor wretch comes reading.
    I think it was to see my mother's wedding.
    tell me one thing.
  Ham. Nothing.
      Did nothing.
  Ber. I have seen nothing.
  For. Go, Captain, from me greet the Danish king.
  Hamlet, son to the former, and nephew to the present king.
  Hor. I saw him once. He was a goodly king.
    This man shall set me packing.
    When thou liest howling.
    In censure of his seeming.
  Queen. I'll warrant you; fear me not. Withdraw; I hear him coming.
    His silence will sit drooping.
  Fran. Not a mouse stirring.
    Now for ourself and for this time of meeting.
    the puppets dallying.
  Pol. This is too long.
    are unwrung.
    I pray thee stay with us, go not to Wittenberg.
    taste of your quality. Come, a passionate speech.
    [To Laertes] Strengthen your patience in our last night's speech.
    If aught of woe or wonder, cease your search.
    With martial stalk hath he gone by our watch.
           As if I had never been such.
    It may be death.
    He never gave commandment for their death.
    Which I have told thee, of my father's death.
    To muddy death.
    And hears it roar beneath.
  Queen. He's fat, and scant of breath.
  Mar. Nor I, my lord- in faith.
    Here's to thy health.
  Ros. As the indifferent children of the earth.
    For he himself is subject to his birth.
    Videlicet, a brothel, or so forth.
    What is between you? Give me up the truth.
    visitation? Come, deal justly with me. Come, come! Nay, speak.
  Queen. Nay, then I'll set those to you that can speak.
    But from what cause he will by no means speak.
      But what we do determine oft we break.
      Of reverend Priam, seem'd i' th' air to stick.
  Mar. It faded on the crowing of the cock.
           A very, very- pajock.
  Mar. No, it is struck.
    So bloodily hast struck.
    Does not divide the Sunday from the week.
    Wherein the spirit held his wont to walk.
    Your wisdom best shall think.
  King. Gertrude, do not drink.
                 Enter Hamlet, reading on a book.
    A very noble youth. Mark.
    Couch we awhile, and mark.
  Oph. Say you? Nay, pray You mark.
  Oph. Pray you mark.
  Mar. Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
  Claudius, King of Denmark.
    And let thine eye look like a friend on Denmark.
  Osr. Your lordship is right welcome back to Denmark.
    Doth all the noble substance often dout To his own scandal.
    As e'er my conversation cop'd withal.
    Than the main voice of Denmark goes withal.
  Osr. I mean, my lord, the opposition of your person in trial.
    Of bell and burial.
    gentlewoman, she should have been buried out o' Christian burial.
    The crowner hath sate on her, and finds it Christian burial.
  Hor. My lord, I came to see your father's funeral.
    But this most foul, strange, and unnatural.
    And bear it to the chapel.
  Pol. It is back'd like a weasel.
  Ham. Methinks it is like a weasel.
    memory, and yet but yaw neither in respect of his quick sail.
    they'll tell all.
  Ham. He was a man, take him for all in all.
    Or not at all.
  Pol. Madam, I swear I use no art at all.
    And where th' offence is let the great axe fall.
  Other. Mass, I cannot tell.
  Ham. I humbly thank you; well, well, well.
    love passing well.
  Clown. I like thy wit well, in good faith. The gallows does well.
    My father's spirit- in arms? All is not well.
  Ham. Thou pray'st not well.
  Pol. 'And in part him, but,' you may say, 'not well.
  Ham. That's two of his weapons- but well.
  Ham. I am glad to see you well.
    I will requite your loves. So, fare you well.
    Farewell.
  Queen. Sweets to the sweet! Farewell.
  Laer. My necessaries are embark'd. Farewell.
    for England. Of them I have much to tell thee. Farewell.
    nowhere but in's own house. Farewell.
  Ham. Your loves, as mine to you. Farewell.
  King. We doubt it nothing. Heartily farewell.
  King. Let him demand his fill.
    Walks o'er the dew of yon high eastward hill.
    have not the skill.
  Ham. It waves me still.
  Ham. I will.
  Hor. What is't, my lord? We will.
  Ham. To this effect, sir, after what flourish your nature will.
    Though inclination be as sharp as will.
    And reason panders will.
  Hor. I warr'nt it will.
         All flaxen was his poll.
    Running it thus) you'll tender me a fool.
  Ham. I shall in all my best obey you, madam.
    the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.
    That shows his hoar leaves in the glassy stream.
      Now falls on Priam.
    And not where I had aim'd them.
    You must translate; 'tis fit we understand them.
    I pray you, now receive them.
    But our cold maids do dead men's fingers call them.
  King. Laertes, you shall hear them.
    Of him that brought them.
    And from his mother's closet hath he dragg'd him.
    This night to play before him.
  Hor. I did very well note him.
  Hor. A piece of him.
  Osr. Your lordship speaks most infallibly of him.
    Pray you be round with him.
    We cannot get from him.
    And thus a while the fit will work on him.
    Yet must not we put the strong law on him.
  King. I pray thee, good Horatio, wait upon him.
  Pol. He will come straight. Look you lay home to him.
    This spirit, dumb to us, will speak to him.
  Pol. At such a time I'll loose my daughter to him.
    To our most valiant brother. So much for him.
    Speak loudly for him.
  Rey. My lord, that would dishonour him.
  King. Well, we shall sift him.
  Mar. Nay, let's follow him.
  Mar. Let's follow. 'Tis not fit thus to obey him.
    The soul of Nero enter this firm bosom.
    of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
    That I might be the organ.
    Speak, man.
    To give the world assurance of a man.
  Ham. Then I would you were so honest a man.
    The unseen good old man.
    Thou canst not then be false to any man.
Enter Horatio, Queen, and a Gentleman.
  Ros. Most like a gentleman.
    But pardon't, as you are a gentleman.
    He closes thus: 'I know the gentleman.
    Like a good child and a true gentleman.
    would perhaps trouble a woman.
  King. A Norman.
           And we cast away moan.
    Did the king sigh, but with a general groan.
  Oph. You are keen, my lord, you are keen.
    What we two nights have seen.
  Ham. Never to speak of this that you have seen.
              Enter [two Players as] King and Queen.
    This to your Majesty; this to the Queen.
                           Enter Queen.
    The will of my most seeming-virtuous queen.
    My crown, mine own ambition, and my queen.
    carry cannon by our sides. I would it might be hangers till then.
    Be you and I behind an arras then.
    the only men.
                                               Exeunt Gentlemen.
    Still am I call'd. Unhand me, gentlemen.
    Unto our climature and countrymen.
    On plots and errors happen.
    With almost all the holy vows of heaven.
    To heaven.
  Hor. Let them come in.
  Queen. Let her come in.
    Is very cunning in.
    your bounty. Take them in.
  King. Thyself do grace to them, and bring them in.
    again.
    I shall not look upon his like again.
         He never will come again.
    Perchance 'twill walk again.
                      Enter Ghost again.
  Polonius, Lord Chamberlain.
  Queen. This is the very coinage of your brain.
  A Norwegian Captain.
  Hor. That is most certain.
  Queen. O Hamlet, thou hast cleft my heart in twain.
    'Now the King drinks to Hamlet.' Come, begin.
                                                 A noise within.
    Give, me superfluous death.                  A noise within.
  Ham. Compounded it with dust, whereto 'tis kin.
  King. Our son shall win.
    I had forgot! 'Tis so concluded on.
    Give us the foils. Come on.
  Ham. It shall to the barber's, with your beard.- Prithee say on.
  For. Go softly on.
    And bow them to your gracious leave and pardon.
    In honourable fashion.
  Ros. To visit you, my lord; no other occasion.
    Into a tow'ring passion.
    against their own succession.
    hold up Adam's profession.
    This present object made probation.
    And gem of all the nation.
  Hor. He waxes desperate with imagination.
    amazement and admiration.
    innovation.
     discretion.
  Guil. But with much forcing of his disposition.
    went to cuffs in the question.
    That I must call't in question.
  Ham. But yet methinks it is very sultry and hot for my complexion.
  Ham. Ay, madam, it is common.
           And his sandal shoon.
    If she unmask her beauty to the moon.
  Hor. Indeed, my lord, it followed hard upon.
    Our chiefest courtier, cousin, and our son.
    fay, I cannot reason.
  Ham. Denmark's a prison.
    or bad but thinking makes it so. To me it is a prison.
    Let him go, Gertrude. Do not fear our person.
    On Fortune's cap we are not the very button.
Enter King, Rosencrantz, and Guildenstern.
            Enter Polonius, Rosencrantz, and Guildenstern.
Enter King and Queen, with Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
  King. Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
             Enter Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
                    Enter Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
               Enter Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
                Enter Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
                            Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
  King. Thanks, Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern.
    himself; there are no tongues else for's turn.
    occasion of my sudden and more strange return.
  Ham. Not so, my lord. I am too much i' th' sun.
      Our thoughts are ours, their ends none of our own.
  Lord. The King and Queen and all are coming down.
    And break your own neck down.
    As therein are set down.
                Enter the Ghost in his nightgown.
    Now wears his crown.
    No.
  Laer. No.
  Ber. 'Tis now struck twelve. Get thee to bed, Francisco.
      My operant powers their functions leave to do.
  Ham. 'Swounds, show me what thou't do.
  Pol. Give him this money and these notes, Reynaldo.
Enter Polonius and Reynaldo.
                                                  Exit Reynaldo.
          Enter Horatio, Marcellus, and Bernardo.
    I do beseech you give him leave to go.
    But let that go.
  Hor. Be rul'd. You shall not go.
  Ham. He poisons him i' th' garden for's estate. His name's Gonzago.
  Ham. In my mind's eye, Horatio.
  Ber. Looks it not like the King? Mark it, Horatio.
  Mar. Question it, Horatio.
  Mar. Thou art a scholar; speak to it, Horatio.
Enter Hamlet and Horatio.
                              Exeunt all but Hamlet and Horatio.
                      Enter Horatio.
                                                   Exit Horatio.
    me, whether you were sent for or no.
  Ros. Ay, that they do, my lord- Hercules and his load too.
  Hor. Let him bless thee too.
  Hor. Ay, my lord, And of calveskins too.
    monsters you make of them. To a nunnery, go; and quickly too.
  Other. Why, 'tis found so.
  King. It shall be so.
  Laer. Let this be so.
    As he would draw it. Long stay'd he so.
  Oph. Indeed, my lord, you made me believe so.
  Hor. E'en so.
  Ber. I think it be no other but e'en so.
  Hor. 'Twere to consider too curiously, to consider so.
      And as my love is siz'd, my fear is so.
    promise-cramm'd. You cannot feed capons so.
    And let him know so.
    neither, though by your smiling you seem to say so.
  Ber. It would be spoke to.
    But two months dead! Nay, not so much, not two.
  Both. We will, my lord.                       Exeunt they two.
      The tedious day with sleep.
    Devoutly to be wish'd. To die- to sleep.
  Osr. I commend my duty to your lordship.
    You mainly were stirr'd up.
  Hor. O, yes, my lord! He wore his beaver up.
    Give him the cup.
    All given to mine ear.
  Ham. I am glad of it. A knavish speech sleeps in a foolish ear.
    Be wary then; best safety lies in fear.
    Wouldst thou not stir in this. Now, Hamlet, hear.
  Ham. Speak. I am bound to hear.
  King. O, speak of that! That do I long to hear.
  Ghost. So art thou to revenge, when thou shalt hear.
    Youth to itself rebels, though none else near.
  Hor. Tush, tush, 'twill not appear.
         And in his grave rain'd many a tear.
    Swear.
  Ghost. Swear.
  Ghost. [beneath] Swear.
  Ghost. [beneath] Swear.
    Consent to swear.
    you nine year.
    Drabbing. You may go so far.
    the guts of a beggar.
    'Lord Hamlet is a prince, out of thy star.
    Will you do this? Keep close within your chamber.
  Ham. I beseech you remember.
  Marcellus, Officer.
  Bernardo, officer.
  Marcellus, officer.
  Hor. Most like. It harrows me with fear and wonder.
  King. Pluck thein asunder.
  Osr. Rapier and dagger.
  Hor. A countenance more in sorrow than in anger.
    Thou find'st to be too busy is some danger.
                     Enter a Messenger.
                                                 Exit Messenger.
  Both. Longer, longer.
  Ham. Excellent well. You are a fishmonger.
  Queen. I will not speak with her.
    Shards, flints, and pebbles should be thrown on her.
  Ghost of Hamlet's Father.
  King. Conceit upon her father.
  Hor. My lord, the King your father.
    Requite him for your father.
    The apparition comes. I knew your father.
    Than is the throne of Denmark to thy father.
    My father- methinks I see my father.
    Most throughly for my father.
    Nay, come, let's go together.
    Go to your rest; at night we'll feast together.
  Clown. For none neither.
    dare scarce come thither.
  Ham. So much for this, sir; now shall you see the other.
    Good night, mother.
    Of my true mother.
    Farewell, dear mother.
    And (would it were not so!) you are my mother.
  Laer. This is too heavy; let me see another.
    As kill a king, and marry with his brother.
    And hurt my brother.
  Ham. Whither wilt thou lead me? Speak! I'll go no further.
  Ghost. Revenge his foul and most unnatural murther.
  Mar. O, farewell, honest soldier.
  Osric, courtier.
  Voltemand, courtier.
  A Gentleman, courtier.
  Guildenstern, courtier.
  Cornelius, courtier.
  Rosencrantz, courtier.
                 Enter young Osric, a courtier.
    plunge him into far more choler.
  Guil. No, my lord; rather with choler.
    The head and source of all your son's distemper.
  Ham. At supper.
  Ham. Of nothing. Bring me to him. Hide fox, and all after.
  Oph. Well, God dild you! They say the owl was a baker's daughter.
    master's daughter.
  Pol. [aside] Still on my daughter.
    skull, the King's jester.
    That I must be their scourge and minister.
    To hear and see the matter.
  Laer. This nothing's more than matter.
    I lov'd you ever. But it is no matter.
    think how ill all's here about my heart. But it is no matter.
                                             [Reads] the letter.
  Hor. The same, my lord, and your poor servant ever.
    Truly deliver.
    That I have longed long to re-deliver.
    if your lordship would vouchsafe the answer.
  Mar. 'Tis gone and will not answer.
    But soft! methinks I scent the morning air.
  Hor. It is a nipping and an eager air.
    Devis'd a new commission; wrote it fair.
    not so wildly from my affair.
  Laer. You mock me, sir.
  Clown. Mine, sir.
  Ham. Of him, sir.
  Clown. For no man, sir.
  Ham. Come on, sir.
  Player. I hope we have reform'd that indifferently with us, sir.
    Why the man dies.- I humbly thank you, sir.
  Sailor. God bless you, sir.
  Capt. They are of Norway, sir.
    And all we mourn for.
    That thus he suffers for.
  Guil. My lord, we were sent for.
  King. Where are my Switzers? Let them guard the door.
  Pol. That did I, my lord, and was accounted a good actor.
    liquor.
    Meantime we thank you for your well-took labour.
  Fran. You come most carefully upon your hour.
    Of his behaviour.
    As it behooves my daughter and your honour.
  All. Our duty to your honour.
  Player. I warrant your honour.
  Capt. The nephew to old Norway, Fortinbras.
    last king Hamlet overcame Fortinbras.
    But since he is better'd, we have therefore odds.
      Unite comutual in most sacred bands.
  Ham. 'By-and-by' is easily said.- Leave me, friends.
    Welcome, my good friends.
    Dangerous conjectures in ill-breeding minds.
Enter King, Queen, Polonius, Ophelia, Rosencrantz, Guildenstern, and Lords.
  Ham. Words, words, words.
                       carrying torches.
    Nor thine on me!                                       Dies.
    Which have solicited- the rest is silence.             Dies.
    Out of his lunacies.
    Follow my mother.                                 King dies.
  Laer. None but his enemies.
    When sorrows come, they come not single spies.
    Virtue itself scopes not calumnious strokes.
    Did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables.
    I stay too long. But here my father comes.
    where my abridgment comes.
  Volt. Most fair return of greetings and desires.
  Oph. The King rises.
  King. So is it, if thou knew'st our purposes.
    Of mighty opposites.
    So fast they follow. Your sister's drown'd, Laertes.
  King. O, he is mad, Laertes.
Enter King and Laertes.
  Queen. Calmly, good Laertes.
    Hamlet the Dane.                    [Leaps in after Laertes.
    Together with remembrance of ourselves.
  Queen. No, nothing but ourselves.
    After the thing it loves.
    Of mine own eyes.
    Though all the earth o'erwhelm them, to men's eyes.
  Ham. That's a fair thought to lie between maids' legs.
                       [Clown digs and] sings.
  Pol. You go to seek the Lord Hamlet. There he is.
    And bring these gentlemen where Hamlet is.
    your name be Horatio, as I am let to know it is.
    And let us hear Bernardo speak of this.
    Into the chapel. I pray you haste in this.
    To tell us this.
Flourish. [Enter King and Queen, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, cum aliis.
    That not your trespass but my madness speaks.
    With this affair along. For all, our thanks.
  Queen. The lady doth protest too much, methinks.
  Queen. I will, my lord; I pray you pardon me.          Drinks.
    Conceit in weakest bodies strongest works.
    All may be well.                                  He kneels.
  Ham. Nay come! again!                         The Queen falls.
    As to peace-parted souls.
    king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.
    Till I have caught her once more in mine arms.
  Clown. 'A was the first that ever bore arms.
                                               Spreads his arms.
    show, he'll not shame to tell you what it means.
    Admit no messengers, receive no tokens.
  Guil. O, there has been much throwing about of brains.
Elsinore. The Castle. Another part of the fortifications.
                                                    [He] sleeps.
    discourse most eloquent music. Look you, these are the stops.
    The very faculties of eyes and ears.
    These words like daggers enter in mine ears.
                                   Pours the poison in his ears.
    you i' th' earth three-and-twenty years.
    thirty years.
    That was and is the question of these wars.
                     Enter the Players with recorders.
  Two Clowns, gravediggers.
  Osr. The carriages, sir, are the hangers.
       Enter Hamlet, Rosencrantz, [Guildenstern,] and others.
                    Enter Laertes with others.
    The counterfeit presentment of two brothers.
               Hautboys play. The dumb show enters.
    But keep a farm and carters.
                 Enter a Messenger with letters.
           With true-love showers.
Enter Hamlet and three of the Players.
                     Flourish for the Players.
                     Enter four or five Players.
  Players.
                                                 Exeunt Players.
  Guil. There are the players.
  Pol. Come, sirs.
  English Ambassadors.
    Most welcome home!                       Exeunt Ambassadors.
  Pol. Give first admittance to th' ambassadors.
                          Enter Sailors.
    within 's two hours.
    To both your honours.
    The portraiture of his. I'll court his favours.
  Clown. You lie out on't, sir, and therefore 'tis not yours.
    Roughly awake, I here proclaim was madness.
  Hor. Custom hath made it in him a Property of easiness.
    Answer, and think upon this business.
    shall be the end of my business.
    She turns to favour and to prettiness.
    Becomes the field but here shows much amiss.
    Each toy seems Prologue to some great amiss.
              Attendants with foils and gauntlets.
    And drive his purpose on to these delights.
    remember. And there is pansies, that's for thoughts.
  Ros. My lord, there was no such stuff in my thoughts.
    shame and the odd hits.
    But look, amazement on thy mother sits.
  Clown. Faith, e'en with losing his wits.
  Lords, ladies, Officers, Soldiers, Sailors, Messengers, Attendants.
                  Colours, and Attendants.
    tenants.
    clouts.
  King. Bring him before us.
  Both. We will haste us.
    Leave us.
    Touching this dreaded sight, twice seen of us.
    It could not move thus.
    Thus it remains, and the remainder thus.
              Enter Polonius, Voltemand, and Cornelius.
                                 Exeunt Voltemand and Cornelius.
                                                       Polonius.
                   Enter King and Polonius.
Enter Queen and Polonius.
Elsinore. A room in the house of Polonius.
Elsinore. A room in the house of Polonius.
  Laertes, son to Polonius.
  Ophelia, daughter to Polonius.
  Reynaldo, servant to Polonius.
                        Enter Polonius.
                       Enter Polonius.
                   Enter Polonius.
                         Enter Polonius.
                            Enter Polonius.
            [Makes a pass through the arras and] kills Polonius.
Enter Hamlet, Horatio, and Marcellus.
                   Enter Horatio and Marcellus.
                    Enter Horatio and Marcellus.
  Ber. Welcome, Horatio. Welcome, good Marcellus.
                         Enter Lucianus.
    Have of your audience been most free and bounteous.
    Over his kingdom. You know the rendezvous.
    Of blue Olympus.
  King. Thou still hast been the father of good news.
    This was your husband. Look you now what follows.
    Here, Hamlet, take my napkin, rub thy brows.
                                                 The cock crows.
    and here's some for me. We may call it herb of grace o' Sundays.
    As hell, whereto it goes. My mother stays.
    reputation and profit, was better both ways.
    Look to't, I charge you. Come your ways.
    Give me the cup. Let go! By heaven, I'll ha't.
  King. I do not think't.
  Ham. I think it be thine indeed, for thou liest in't.
    on't.
    I have sworn't.
  Clown. To't.
    as your daughter may conceive. Friend, look to't.
  Hor. So Guildenstern and Rosencrantz go to't.
  Ham. Nay, but swear't.
  Laer. A touch, a touch; I do confess't.
  Hor. Not when I saw't.
  Clown. E'en that.
    Are most select and generous, chief in that.
    I would know that.
      To pay ourselves what to ourselves is debt.
    Is thought-sick at the act.
    Nor any unproportion'd thought his act.
  Gent. She is importunate, indeed distract.
    As will not leave their tinct.
         O, methought there- a- was nothing- a- meet.
           For such a guest is meet.
              For such a guest is meet.
    When in one line two crafts directly meet.
  Hor. Good my lord, be quiet.
    The Queen carouses to thy fortune, Hamlet.
    Speak to her, Hamlet.
  King. Thy loving father, Hamlet.
  Queen. Let not thy mother lose her prayers, Hamlet.
  King. Ay, Hamlet.
Enter Ghost and Hamlet.
                                        Exeunt Ghost and Hamlet.
  Oph. So please you, something touching the Lord Hamlet.
    As to give words or talk with the Lord Hamlet.
    I should be greeted, if not from Lord Hamlet.
    Exchange forgiveness with me, noble Hamlet.
  Horatio, friend to Hamlet.
  Getrude, Queen of Denmark, mother to Hamlet.
                         Enter Hamlet.
                           Enter Hamlet.
                          Enter Hamlet.
Enter Hamlet.
    Was't Hamlet wrong'd Laertes? Never Hamlet.
                                           Ghost beckons Hamlet.
                                Flourish. Exeunt all but Hamlet.
The Queen's closet.
  Pol. My lord, he's going to his mother's closet.
    And scape detecting, I will pay the theft.
    Here's yet some liquor left.
  Other. I tell thee she is; therefore make her grave straight.
  Ber. Well, good night.
    The death I gave him. So again, good night.
  Fran. Give you good night.
    Delay it not; I'll have him hence to-night.
  Ham. I will watch to-night.
  Ham. Never make known what you have seen to-night.
  Hor. My lord, I think I saw him yesternight.
  King. It falls right.
    And vanish'd from our sight.
    I never gave you aught.
    Termagant. It out-herods Herod. Pray you avoid it.
  Ham. Why, then the Polack never will defend it.
  Rey. My lord, I did intend it.
  Hor. Never believe it.
  Ham. Do not believe it.
  Hor. So have I heard and do in part believe it.
    Time qualifies the spark and fire of it.
    And draw you into madness? Think of it.
    To let you know of it.
    And you yourself shall keep the key of it.
    And will not wrong it.
    Than your particular demands will touch it.
  Ham. No, you will reveal it.
  Hor. Good my lord, tell it.
               A table and flagons of wine on it.
    He may approve our eyes and speak to it.
    But truly I do fear it.
    Then Hamlet does it not, Hamlet denies it.
  Hor. Heaven will direct it.
  Ham. It will not speak. Then will I follow it.
    It waves me forth again. I'll follow it.
  King. We will try it.
    very liberal conceit.
    repair hither and say you are not fit.
  Osr. A hit, a very palpable hit.
    The potent poison quite o'ercrows my spirit.
  Laer. Farewell.                                          Exit.
  Pol. I will say so.                                      Exit.
    Give you good night.                                   Exit.
    they are. To a nunnery, go.                            Exit.
    But that this folly douts it.                          Exit.
    Adieu, adieu, adieu! Remember me.                      Exit.
    This physic but prolongs thy sickly days.              Exit.
    To give them seals never, my soul, consent!             Exit.
    Howe'er my haps, my joys were ne'er begun.             Exit.
    Words without thoughts never to heaven go.             Exit.
    My thoughts be bloody, or be nothing worth!            Exit.
    Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the King.         Exit.
Exit.
Exit.
Exit.
Exit.
Exit.
    It spills itself in fearing to be spilt.
    Of general assault.
Enter Horatio with an Attendant.
Lords Attendant.
  Ham. Why, even in that was heaven ordinant.
    And I believe it is a fetch of warrant.
    Against yourself. I know you are no truant.
      Grief joys, joy grieves, on slender accident.
    And call it accident.
  Ham. I prithee do not mock me, fellow student.
    Up, sword, and know thou a more horrid hent.
  Ham. Sir, I lack advancement.
    Take each man's censure, but reserve thy judgment.
    This grave shall have a living monument.
    Contagious blastments are most imminent.
    spent.
    Upon his will I seal'd my hard consent.
    To give it due content.
                                                         Exeunt.
                                                         Exeunt.
                                                         Exeunt.
                                                         Exeunt.
                                                         Exeunt.
                                                         Exeunt.
                                                         Exeunt.
                                                         Exeunt.
                                                         Exeunt.
    To him from whom you brought them.                   Exeunt.
    Where we shall find him most conveniently.           Exeunt.
    Madness in great ones must not unwatch'd go.         Exeunt.
  Osr. I thank your lordship, it is very hot.
    not.
  Both. My lord, we will not.
  Mess. Sailors, my lord, they say; I saw them not.
  Ham. Very well. Follow that lord- and look you mock him not.
  Ham. Nay, that follows not.
    Assume a virtue, if you have it not.
  Ghost. If thou hast nature in thee, bear it not.
  Ham. Nay, I know not.
  Ros. No indeed are they not.
  Guil. My lord, I cannot.
  Guil. Believe me, I cannot.
  Ham. Sir, I cannot.
  Both. My lord, from head to foot.
    Go, bid the soldiers shoot.
    But farewell it, for I will use no art.
  Queen. More matter, with less art.
    And I am sick at heart.
    We'll teach you to drink deep ere you depart.
    sequel at the heels of this mother's admiration? Impart.
  Pol. My lord, I will use them according to their desert.
    a chough; but, as I say, spacious in the possession of dirt.
  King. O, yet defend me, friends! I am but hurt.
    My news shall be the fruit to that great feast.
      Such love must needs be treason in my breast.
    A couch for luxury and damned incest.
    the dead, not for the quick; therefore thou liest.
  A Priest.
  Ros. None, my lord, but that the world's grown honest.
    Give me one poor request.
                        Enter Ghost.
                         Enter Ghost.
                                                     Exit Ghost.
                                                     Exit Ghost.
                                                     Exit Ghost.
      None wed the second but who killed the first.
    dungeons, Denmark being one o' th' worst.
    Seek for thy noble father in the dust.
    By indirections find directions out.
    philosophy could find it out.
    Treachery! Seek it out.
  Laer. Where is this king?- Sirs, staid you all without.
    it. Adieu.
    I'll rant as well as thou.
    And of all Christian souls, I pray God. God b' wi', you.
  Hor. It would have much amaz'd you.
    So, proceed you.
    my leave of you.
    Where you may see the inmost part of you.
  Hor. I beseech you.
  Ham. I do beseech you.
    Come, sir, to draw toward an end with you.
  Guil. Good my lord, vouchsafe me a word with you.
  Ham. Sir, my good friend- I'll change that name with you.
    And he to England shall along with you.
    Your sudden coming o'er to play with you.
    Had it th' ability of life to thank you.
    It is an honest ghost, that let me tell you.
  Pol. My lord, I have news to tell you.
    But let me hear from you.
  Both. We'll wait upon you.
    What I have said to you.
  Clown. 'Tis a quick lie, sir; 'twill away again from me to you.
    hath sent me to you.
    This marvel to you.
  Servant. Seafaring men, sir. They say they have letters for you.
    have sent for you.
    I'll visit you.
  King. Follow her close; give her good watch, I pray you.
  Ham. I pray you.
  Clown. Ay, marry, is't- crowner's quest law.
    Will not debate the question of this straw.
    know a hawk from a handsaw.
  Ber. It was about to speak, when the cock crew.
  Ham. A dream itself is but a shadow.
    it is but a shadow's shadow.
  King. [rises] My words fly up, my thoughts remain below.
    Therefore let's follow.
  Laer. My lord, I'll hit him now.
    I be so able as now.
  King. Not that I know.
    And tell you what I know.
    Does by their own insinuation grow.
  Ham. Follow him, friends. We'll hear a play to-morrow.
    The cat will mew, and dog will have his day.
  Laer. Say you so? Come on.                               Play.
  Oph. Belike this show imports the argument of the play.
  Oph. You are naught, you are naught! I'll mark the play.
  Pol. Give o'er the play.
                                                Prepare to play.
    Laertes before you fall to play.
  Laer. Come, my lord.                                They play.
    And will this brother's wager frankly play.
  Oph. Madam, I wish it may.
    My soul is full of discord and dismay.
    And still your fingers on your lips, I pray.
    Look you, I'll go pray.
  Clown. Very strangely, they say.
    Art more engag'd! Help, angels! Make assay.
  Osr. Nothing neither way.
          Thus runs the world away.
    Might stop a hole to keep the wind away.
    Respeaking earthly thunder. Come away.
  Fortinbras, Prince of Norway.
  Ham. I dare not drink yet, madam; by-and-by.
    top of my bent.- I will come by-and-by.
    Here in the lobby.
    the stair, into the lobby.
    The very cause of Hamlet's lunacy.
    That he is open to incontinency.
  Ham. Well, God-a-mercy.
    the players ready.
    make you ready.
  Mar. We have sworn, my lord, already.
    Thou know'st already.
    One word more, good lady.
    That, open'd, lies within our remedy.
    Here was a gentleman of Normandy.
  King. I have sent to seek him and to find the body.
  Ham. The body is with the King, but the King is not with the body.
    All my smooth body.
         Why then, belike he likes it not, perdy.
    This warlike volley.
    Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
    humanity so abominably.
      On wholesome life usurp immediately.
  Ham. What, look'd he frowningly.
    argal, she drown'd herself wittingly.
    Though nothing sure, yet much unhappily.
    Yes, faith, heartily.
  Ham. Come for the third, Laertes! You but dally.
    tongue? You will do't, sir, really.
  King. Why, 'tis a loving and a fair reply.
    Most free in his reply.
  Ham. No, believe me, 'tis very cold; the wind is northerly.
  Guil. O my lord, if my duty be too bold, my love is too unmannerly.
  Hor. Most constantly.
  Pol. My lord, the Queen would speak with you, and presently.
  Pol. And the Queen too, and that presently.
    His madness is poor Hamlet's enemy.
      Directly seasons him his enemy.
    [Sings] For bonny sweet Robin is all my joy.
      Their own enactures with themselves destroy.
  Guil. Happy in that we are not over-happy.
    And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.
    I am justly kill'd with mine own treachery.
    And our vain blows malicious mockery.
  Ham. Sir, a whole history.
    That does afflict our natures. I am sorry.
    Than to entreaty.
    tragedians of the city.
      In neither aught, or in extremity.
    Passing through nature to eternity.
    To his unmast'red importunity.
    To youth and liberty.
    That live and feed upon your Majesty.
    To give th' assay of arms against your Majesty.
    a thing to you from his Majesty.
    musty.
    discourse to your beauty.
  Cor., Volt. In that, and all things, will we show our duty.
    Farewell, and let your haste commend your duty.
  Queen. Thanks, Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz.
                    Enter Rosencrantz.
    Never to speak of this that you have heard:
  Mess. Save Yourself, my lord:
    So, uncle, there you are. Now to my word:
    He closes with you in this consequence:
    your memory, begin at this line- let me see, let me see:
    not to come, it will be now; if it be not now, yet it will come:
  Laer. How came he dead? I'll not be juggled with:
    And my young mistress thus I did bespeak:
    The better to beguile. This is for all:
    New lighted on a heaven-kissing hill:
  Ham. To be, or not to be- that is the question:
  Ham. Not this, by no means, that I bid you do:
         For some must watch, while some must sleep:
    Be thou familiar, but by no means vulgar:
    it means, say you this:
    He answers:
    But you shall hear. Thus:
    'Tis not so; it begins with Pyrrhus:
  Mess. Letters, my lord, from Hamlet:
  Ham. If thou dost marry, I'll give thee this plague for thy dowry:
    Hamlet is of the faction that is wrong'd;
    Of life, of crown, of queen, at once dispatch'd;
  Queen. To draw apart the body he hath kill'd;
    An understanding simple and unschool'd;
  Laer. My lord, I will be rul'd;
    But let it be. Horatio, I am dead;
           No, no, he is dead;
    Let the bloat King tempt you again to bed;
    Or in th' incestuous pleasure of his bed;
           Go to thy deathbed;
  Ham. I heard thee speak me a speech once, but it was never acted;
      So think thou wilt no second husband wed;
  Hor. My lord, I did;
    The present death of Hamlet. Do it, England;
    An eye like Mars, to threaten and command;
  King. Love? his affections do not that way tend;
    I must be cruel, only to be kind;
    Hold it a fashion, and a toy in blood;
    O'er which his melancholy sits on brood;
  Oph. He took me by the wrist and held me hard;
  Laer. That drop of blood that's calm proclaims me bastard;
    O'erbears Your offices. The rabble call him lord;
    Neither a borrower nor a lender be;
    A double blessing is a double grace;
    Give every man thine ear, but few thy voice;
    Her brother is in secret come from France;
    Your leave and favour to return to France;
    To offer it the show of violence;
    pray You Pass with your best violence;
      Pyrrhus at Priam drives, in rage strikes wide;
    I do not set my life at a pin's fee;
    An hour of quiet shortly shall we see;
    I hop'd thou shouldst have been my Hamlet's wife;
    When he is drunk asleep; or in his rage;
    Bear Hamlet like a soldier to the stage;
  King. Arm you, I pray you, to th', speedy voyage;
      That even our loves should with our fortunes change;
    Would have mourn'd longer) married with my uncle;
    Ungart'red, and down-gyved to his ankle;
    This, in obedience, hath my daughter shown me;
    image of a murther done in Vienna. Gonzago is the duke's name;
    Repent what's past; avoid what is to come;
    To hear the process. I'll warrant she'll tax him home;
  King. Stay, give me drink. Hamlet, this pearl is thine;
    The thin and wholesome blood. So did it mine;
              He is dead and gone;
  Clown. Why, because 'a was mad. 'A shall recover his wits there;
    Let all the battlements their ordnance fire;
          'Doubt thou the stars are fire;
    It is most retrograde to our desire;
    We heard it all.- My lord, do as you please;
    Of deaths put on by cunning and forc'd cause;
    Pinch wanton on your cheek; call you his mouse;
    There was 'a gaming; there o'ertook in's rouse;
    As Vulcan's stithy. Give him heedful note;
    The perfume and suppliance of a minute;
  Hor. As I do live, my honour'd lord, 'tis true;
  Pol. 'Tis most true;
    To make them ranker. Forgive me this my virtue;
            Doubt that the sun doth move;
    We shall express our duty in his eye;
  King. No place indeed should murther sanctuarize;
    Of impious stubbornness. 'Tis unmanly grief;
    If it be made of penetrable stuff;
    Hyperion's curls; the front of Jove himself;
    Luc. Thoughts black, hands apt, drugs fit, and time agreeing;
      Confederate season, else no creature seeing;
    As one, in suff'ring all, that suffers nothing;
    Both to my God and to my gracious king;
    Forward, not permanent- sweet, not lasting;
  Ham. Now might I do it pat, now he is praying;
    The bird of dawning singeth all night long;
  Ham. Give me your pardon, sir. I have done you wrong;
    And cleave the general ear with horrid speech;
    And I with them the third night kept the watch;
    Like sweet bells jangled, out of tune and harsh;
  King. I do not fear it, I have seen you both;
  Laer. Lay her i' th' earth;
    Your bait of falsehood takes this carp of truth;
    Itself to motion, like as it would speak;
    King. I do believe you think what now you speak;
    So levied as before, against the Polack;
    And marshal me to knavery. Let it work;
      Aroused vengeance sets him new awork;
    which was the model of that Danish seal;
  Ambassador. The sight is dismal;
    Let me be cruel, not unnatural;
    Grapple them unto thy soul with hoops of steel;
  Ham. We shall know by this fellow. The players cannot keep counsel;
    do, crawling between earth and heaven? We are arrant knaves all;
    Under the which he shall not choose but fall;
  King. So you shall;
  King. It likes us well;
    Let it be tenable in your silence still;
    And nothing is at a like goodness still;
    As we have warranty. Her death was doubtful;
    Take you, as 'twere, some distant knowledge of him;
    To show his grief. Let her be round with him;
    act hath three branches-it is to act, to do, and to perform;
    Infects unseen. Confess yourself to heaven;
    O, my offence is rank, it smells to heaven;
    Now fear I this will give it start again;
    That one may smile, and smile, and be a villain;
    But in battalions! First, her father slain;
  Laer. It is here, Hamlet. Hamlet, thou art slain;
    His greatness weigh'd, his will is not his own;
    They had begun the play. I sat me down;
      That our devices still are overthrown;
  King. Sweet Gertrude, leave us too;
    King. Faith, I must leave thee, love, and shortly too;
    Forth at your eyes your spirits wildly peep;
    Or pardon'd being down? Then I'll look up;
    And, mermaid-like, awhile they bore her up;
      Where love is great, the littlest doubts are fear;
          Doubt truth to be a liar;
    And foreign mart for implements of war;
    But you must know, your father lost a father;
  King. Not that I think you did not love your father;
    To give these mourning duties to your father;
    God willing, shall not lack. Let us go in together;
    He that hath kill'd my king, and whor'd my mother;
  Ham. Nay, do not think I flatter;
      In general synod take away her power;
    Which he stood seiz'd of, to the conqueror;
      The poor advanc'd makes friends of enemies;
    Popp'd in between th' election and my hopes;
  Osr. The King, sir, hath wager'd with him six Barbary horses;
    Who like not in their judgment, but their eyes;
    kingdom. To-morrow shall I beg leave to see your kingly eyes;
    Of your precedent lord; a vice of kings;
  Ghost. Murther most foul, as in the best it is;
    Enquire me first what Danskers are in Paris;
    Before mine uncle. I'll observe his looks;
    Makes us traduc'd and tax'd of other nations;
    They have proclaim'd their malefactions;
    In Denmark's crown have worn. Give me the cups;
    Of accidental judgments, casual slaughters;
           Larded all with sweet flowers;
  Queen. This is mere madness;
    Of carnal, bloody and unnatural acts;
    Did squeak and gibber in the Roman streets;
    And botch the words up fit to their own thoughts;
    As there are tongues, are hands, are accidents;
    Without the which we are Pictures or mere beasts;
  Ham. Ay, marry, is't;
    As may dishonour him- take heed of that;
    I prithee take thy fingers from my throat;
           For and a shrouding sheet;
         Methought it was very sweet;
    With wondrous potency. Once more, good night;
    A kind of wick or snuff that will abate it;
    To pay five ducats, five, I would not farm it;
      Where joy most revels, grief doth most lament;
  Hor. In what particular thought to work I know not;
  Ghost. I find thee apt;
    There's tricks i' th' world, and hems, and beats her heart;
    I hold it fit that we shake hands and part;
  Laer. And so have I a noble father lost;
      Discomfort you, my lord, it nothing must;
    To let his madness range. Therefore prepare you;
  King. He made confession of you;
  Ham. Beggar that I am, I am even poor in thanks; but I thank you;
    With all my love I do commend me to you;
  Queen. I shall obey you;
    the end. He keeps them, like an ape, in the corner of his jaw;
    High on a stage be placed to the view;
    A rhapsody of words! Heaven's face doth glow;
    But mad in craft. 'Twere good you let him know;
      Now what my love is, proof hath made you know;
    See what a grace was seated on this brow;
    With all his crimes broad blown, as flush as May;
          The hart ungalled play;
    For they are actions that a man might play;
    But not express'd in fancy; rich, not gaudy;
  Ham. I am sorry they offend you, heartily;
    To the next abstinence; the next more easy;
      Of violent birth, but poor validity;
    That he is mad, 'tis true: 'tis true 'tis pity;
    That blurs the grace and blush of modesty;
    What, is Horatio there ?
    strumpet. What news ?
  Ham. Why did you laugh then, when I said 'Man delights not me'?
  Ham. 'The mobled queen'?
    Gonzago'?
    Can serve my turn? 'Forgive me my foul murther'?
  Ber. Who's there.?
    When it prov'd otherwise.?
  Ham. Who, I?
    more, ha?
    As deep as to the lungs? Who does me this, ha?
    Sprung from neglected love.- How now, Ophelia?
  Queen. How now, Ophelia?
  Ham. What, the fair Ophelia?
  Hor. How was this seal'd?
  Laer. Alas, then she is drown'd?
    To feed and clothe thee? Why should the poor be flatter'd?
    Alas, how shall this bloody deed be answer'd?
    city? Are they so follow'd?
  Ham. How came he mad?
    What is't but to be nothing else but mad?
    But wilt thou bear me how I did proceed?
  Ham. Pale or red?
  Laer. Know you the hand?
  Ham. Ay, marry, why was be sent into England?
  Ham. For England?
    Th' important acting of your dread command?
    That thus hath cozen'd you at hoodman-blind?
  Ham. Upon what ground?
  Laer. Do you see this, O God?
  Ber. Have you had quiet guard?
    A damn'd defeat was made. Am I a coward?
  1. Play. What speech, my good lord?
  Mar. How is't, my noble lord?
  Guil. In what, my dear lord?
  Oph. My lord?
    read, my lord?
  Ros. To what end, my lord?
  Ros. Take you me for a sponge, my lord?
  Pol. What treasure had he, my lord?
  Pol. Do you know me, my lord?
  Hor. O, where, my lord?
  Guil. A thing, my lord?
    What does this mean, my lord?
  Pol. What follows then, my lord?
  Guil. Prison, my lord?
  Ros. Will't please you go, my lord?
  Pol. What is the matter, my lord?
   Will You walk out of the air, my lord?
  Oph. What is, my lord?
  Laer. What out of this, my lord?
  Oph. What means this, my lord?
  Hor. What news, my lord?
  Guil. What, my lord?
  Hor. What's that, my lord?
  Laer. What part is that, my lord?
  Hor. They bleed on both sides. How is it, my lord?
  Pol. Honest, my lord?
  Guil. What should we say, my lord?
  Queen. How fares my lord?
  Ham. Then saw you not his face?
    Plucks off my beard and blows it in my face?
    You do remember all the circumstance?
    defence?
    May one be pardon'd and retain th' offence?
    But to confront the visage of offence?
  Ham. How long is that since?
    Why seems it so particular with thee?
    In this distracted globe. Remember thee?
    But bear me stiffly up. Remember thee?
  Hor. What is it you will see?
    Should be as mortal as an old man's life?
    When he is fit and seasoned for his passage?
  Pol. What said he?
  King. But where is he?
    That thy rebellion looks so giantlike?
  Ham. Is't possible?
  Hor. Is't possible?
    My uncle?
    Woo't drink up esill? eat a crocodile?
    stopping a bunghole?
    Can you advise me?
  Pol. What do you think of me?
  Hor. What are they that would speak with me?
    Who is't that can inform me?
  Queen. What wilt thou do? Thou wilt not murther me?
    King, father, royal Dane. O, answer me?
  Queen. Have you forgot me?
    In noise so rude against me?
    Will you be rul'd by me?
  Queen. O my son, what theme?
    To any pastime?
  Hor. Have after. To what issue wail this come?
    I'll do't. Dost thou come here to whine?
           From another one?
  Laer. Must there no more be done?
  Queen. O me, what hast thou done?
    Even on the pith of life. Where is he gone?
  Ham. Nor the soles of her shoe?
  Ham. From top to toe?
  Ham. I do not well understand that. Will you play upon this pipe?
    Drink off this potion! Is thy union here?
  Hor. Peace! Who comes here?
  King. At supper? Where?
  Ham. Do you see nothing there?
  Fran. I think I hear them. Stand, ho! Who is there?
  Laer. Drown'd! O, where?
  Ham. What, frighted with false fire?
    But what is your affair in Elsinore?
    make you at Elsinore?
    You heavenly guards! What would your gracious figure?
  Clown. What, art a heathen? How dost thou understand the Scripture?
  Ham. Good sir, whose powers are these?
  Ham. O all you host of heaven! O earth! What else?
  Laer. What ceremony else?
  Laer. What ceremony else?
    And with th' encorporal air do hold discourse?
    What, have you given him any hard words of late?
    Th' effect of what I wrote?
    By the mass, I was about to say something! Where did I leave?
  Queen. What would she have?
    To outface me with leaping in her grave?
  Ham. Into my grave?
    pound! Didst perceive?
    Receiv'd his love?
  Pol. Mad for thy love?
    Being a thing immortal as itself?
    Woo't weep? woo't fight? woo't fast? woo't tear thyself?
    Than fly to others that we know not of?
  Mar. Is it not like the King?
  Ham. Nay, I know not. Is it the King?
    Or is it some abuse, and no such thing?
    of a king?
  Queen. As kill a king?
    grave-making?
    That shall not be my offer, not thy asking?
  Ham. Upon the talk of the poisoning?
  Ham. Is this a prologue, or the posy of a ring?
  Ham. Very like, very like. Stay'd it long?
  Queen. Alas, sweet lady, what imports this song?
    But what, in faith, make you from Wittenberg?
  Ham. Am I not i' th' right, old Jephthah?
    will speak to this fellow. Whose grave's this, sirrah?
  Ham. This likes me well. These foils have all a length?
    Rosencrantz! Good lads, how do ye both?
  Ham. Dost thou think Alexander look'd o' this fashion i' th' earth?
    What should this mean? Are all the rest come back?
    Sprinkle cool patience! Whereon do you look?
  Oph. Where is the beauteous Majesty of Denmark?
    for your succession in Denmark?
    How now, my lord? Will the King hear this piece of work?
  Ham. Do you see yonder cloud that's almost in shape of a camel?
    was converted) might they not stop a beer barrel?
    into a toil?
    In further evil?
  Queen. Did he receive you well?
    Do you believe his tenders, as you call them?
    help to hasten them?
  King. From Hamlet? Who brought them?
  Ham. Ay, sir, what of him?
  Hor. Is it a custom?
    How now O What hath befall'n?
  Other. Was he a gentleman?
  Mar. Shall I strike at it with my partisan?
  Ham. How does the Queen?
    How now, sweet queen?
  King. Will you know them then?
  Ham. What woman then?
    And how his audit stands, who knows save heaven?
         And will he not come again?
         And will he not come again?
    seeks her own salvation?
  Ham. What's his weapon?
    Where is your son?
  Queen. What shall I do?
    Say, why is this? wherefore? What should we do?
    And in part him.' Do you mark this, Reynaldo?
  Fran. Bernardo?
  Ham. Saw? who?
  Ham. Between who?
    And what make you from Wittenberg, Horatio?
  Ham. His beard was grizzled- no?
  Ham. How if I answer no?
  Ham. The point envenom'd too?
  Osr. Shall I redeliver you e'en so?
    Such dear concernings hide? Who would do so?
  Oph. No more but so?
  Ham. Lady, shall I lie in your lap?
  Ham. I mean, my head upon your lap?
  Oph. What means your lordship?
  Ham. Why, what should be the fear?
  Ham. Nor did you nothing hear?
    Where thrift may follow fawning. Dost thou hear?
    You know the wager?
  Queen. Came this from Hamlet to her?
    Make up my sum. What wilt thou do for her?
    father?
  Ham. The King my father?
  Laer. Where is my father?
    hither?
    Why does the drum come hither?
  Ham. Why he more than another?
  Ham. Murther?
  King. How may we try it further?
    Or for some frontier?
    his kibe.- How long hast thou been a grave-maker?
    Winner and loser?
    kissing carrion- Have you a daughter?
    carpenter?
    shipwright, or the carpenter?
    How now, Ophelia? What's the matter?
  Ham. Now, mother, what's the matter?
    What is the matter?
  Ham. There's another. Why may not that be the skull of a lawyer?
  Osr. Sir?
  Ham. Are you fair?
  Ham. With drink, sir?
    much approve me. Well, sir?
  Ham. Who commands them, sir?
    shoes, get me a fellowship in a cry of players, sir?
  Ham. What man dost thou dig it for?
  Clown. A whoreson, mad fellow's it was. Whose do you think it was?
    More than in words?
  Ham. What call you the carriages?
    What wouldst thou have, Laertes?
    You told us of some suit. What is't, Laertes?
  Osr. How is't, Laertes?
  Osr. Of Laertes?
    Blasting his wholesome brother. Have you eyes?
  Ham. This?
  Queen. To whom do you speak this?
  Pol. Wherefore should you do this?
  Ham. But where was this?
    What warlike noise is this?
  Queen. Alack, what noise is this?
  King. Do you think 'tis this?
  Laer. Why ask you this?
  King. What dost thou mean by this?
    Where should We have our thanks?
    With thoughts beyond the reaches of our souls?
  Ham. Is not parchment made of sheepskins?
  Ham. Do you think I meant country matters?
    favours?
    Who calls me villain? breaks my pate across?
    To give in evidence. What then? What rests?
    further trade with us?
    What is the reason that you use me thus?
  King. How long hath she been thus?
  King. Now, Hamlet, where's Polonius?
  King. Where is Polonius?
  King. Have you your father's leave? What says Polonius?
    Marcellus?
    How now? What news?
  Ham. Who is to be buried in't?
  King. Have you heard the argument? Is there no offence in't?
    What think you on't?
    From fashion of himself. What think you on't?
  Laer. A Norman was't?
  Ham. What?
  Pol. [to the King] O, ho! do you mark that?
  Laer. How now? What noise is that?
  Oph. Do you doubt that?
  Ham. I must to England; you know that?
  Ros. Believe what?
  Ham. What did you enact?
  Queen. Why, how now, Hamlet?
    How does my good Lord Hamlet?
  King. How fares our cousin Hamlet?
  King. What, Gertrude? How does Hamlet?
    But you'll be secret?
    Hold you the watch to-night?
  Mar. What, has this thing appear'd again to-night?
    Or look'd upon this love with idle sight?
  Fort. Where is this sight?
  Ham. How say you then? Would heart of man once think it?
    bet against the Danish. Why is this all impon'd, as you call it?
  Ham. Did you not speak to it?
  Ham. Whose was it?
  Oph. Will he tell us what this show meant?
    Yet what can it when one cannot repent?
    it not?
    Try what repentance can. What can it not?
    might it not?
    insert in't, could you not?
  Ham. How long will a man lie i' th' earth ere he rot?
  Ham. Well said, old mole! Canst work i' th' earth so fast?
  Ham. Ha, ha! Are you honest?
    Who hath reliev'd you?
    And now, Laertes, what's the news with you?
  King. How is it that the clouds still hang on you?
  Ham. And fix'd his eyes upon you?
  Pol. What is't, Ophelia, he hath said to you?
  King. Laertes, was your father dear to you?
  Ham. How purpos'd, sir, I pray you?
  Ham. Arm'd, say you?
    Come. (They play.) Another hit. What say you?
  Ros. [aside to Guildenstern] What say you?
  King. Who shall stay you?
  Other. But is this law?
    The Queen, the courtiers. Who is this they follow?
  Ham. What's the matter now?
  Ham. What hour now?
    That roars so loud and thunders in the index?
    How does your honour for this many a day?
    Doth make the night joint-labourer with the day?
  King. What do you call the play?
  Ham. Madam, how like you this play?
  Pol. And then, sir, does 'a this- 'a does- What was I about to say?
    i' th' university, you say?
  Ham. Do the boys carry it away?
    Say, Voltemand, what from our brother Norway?
    With turbulent and dangerous lunacy?
  Ham. How is it with you, lady?
  King. How do you, pretty lady?
  Ros. What have you done, my lord, with the dead body?
    they?
  Ham. Why?
  Ham. How strangely?
    waterfly?
  Ham. Aha boy, say'st thou so? Art thou there, truepenny?
  Ham. O God, your only jig-maker! What should a man do but be merry?
    Is not this something more than fantasy?
  Ham. Ecstasy?
  Oph. Could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with honesty?
  Ham. How comes it? Do they grow rusty?
    As needful in our loves, fitting our duty?
THE END
  Ham. Sir, his definement suffers no perdition in you; though, I
    pocky corses now-a-days that will scarce hold the laying in, I
    reason and sanity could not so prosperously be delivered of. I
  Ham. They are sheep and calves which seek out assurance in that. I
  Guil. But these cannot I command to any utt'rance of harmony. I
    O, you must wear your rue with a difference! There's a daisy. I
  Pol. With what, i' th' name of God I
    How much I had to do to calm his rage I
  Ham. Come, come, and sit you down. You shall not budge I
    slow of sail, we put on a compelled valour, and in the grapple I
    with you in this garb, lest my extent to the players (which I
    Fall'n on th' inventors' heads. All this can I
    boarded them. On the instant they got clear of our ship; so I
    them shape, or time to act them in. What should such fellows as I
    not the million, 'twas caviary to the general; but it was (as I
    As I do thee. Something too much of this I
  Pol. If you call me Jephthah, my lord, I have a daughter that I
    o'erweigh a whole theatre of others. O, there be players that I
  Ham. I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind is southerly I
THE TRAGEDY OF HAMLET, PRINCE OF DENMARK
Polonius, Laertes and his sister Ophelia, [Voltemand, Cornelius,]
    And what's untimely done. [So haply slander-]
                                                    [Exit Lord.]
                                                         grave.]
  Rey. Good my lord!                                    [Going.]
                                            [Throws up a skull.]
                                          [Puts down the skull.]
                                               [Exit Gentleman.]
                                                   [Exit Queen.]
                                                 [March within.]
    To tell my story.         [March afar off, and shot within.]
                          [Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.]
                                            [Exit Second Clown.]
                                         [Retires with Horatio.]
                                                 [Exit Horatio.]
                                                   [They swear.]
                                                [Gives a paper.]
    Of these dilated articles allow.            [Gives a paper.]
                                            [Exit First Player.]
                    [The King puts Laertes' hand into Hamlet's.]
                              [Polonius hides behind the arras.]
                                                        [Reads.]
  Pol. Good madam, stay awhile. I will be faithful.     [Reads.]
    The drink, the drink! I am poison'd.                 [Dies.]
    At least I am sure it may be so in Denmark.        [Writes.]
                                                [Laertes falls.]
                                                [Ghost beckons.]
                                             [Scatters flowers.]
  Laer. I thank you. Keep the door.      [Exeunt his Followers.]
  King. Go seek him there. [To Attendants.]
                                            [Exeunt Attendants.]
                         [Lifts up the arras and sees Polonius.]
                                                [Exit Polonius.]
                           [Hamlet moves him to put on his hat.]
                                  [Sits down at Ophelia's feet.]
                                        [Exeunt all but Hamlet.]
                                        [Exeunt all but Hamlet.]
  Capt. God b' wi' you, sir.                             [Exit.]
      We beg your hearing patiently.                     [Exit.]
                                               [Exit Attendant.]
             Queen, Laertes, with Lords attendant.]
                            Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern]
    of his action of battery? Hum! This fellow might be in's time a
  Ham. So long? Nay then, let the devil wear black, for I'll have a
    chronicles of the time. After your death you were better have a
    purging thick amber and plum-tree gum; and that they have a
  Ham. O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a
    speak. 'Sblood, do you think I am easier to be play'd on than a
  Other. Will you ha' the truth an't? If this had not been a
    obligation of our ever-preserved love, and by what more dear a
  Other. Who builds stronger than a mason, a shipwright, or a
    holds it no sin to tarre them to controversy. There was, for a
  Ham. In the secret parts of Fortune? O! most true! she is a
  Ham. [aside to Horatio] Thy state is the more gracious; for 'tis a
    anything we see. We'll have a speech straight. Come, give us a
    to me than a foul and pestilent congregation of vapours. What a
    whirlwind of your passion, you must acquire and beget a
  Ham. We'll ha't to-morrow night. You could, for a need, study a
    That looks so many fadoms to the sea
    In hugger-mugger to inter him; Poor Ophelia
    Would from a paddock, from a bat, a gib
    (for the most part) are capable of nothing but inexplicable dumb
    And therefore must his choice be circumscrib'd
    She should in ground unsanctified have lodg'd
    Let come what comes; only I'll be reveng'd
  Priest. Her obsequies have been as far enlarg'd
  Ham. Then are our beggars bodies, and our monarchs and outstretch'd
    And you must needs have heard, how I am punish'd
         Now is be total gules, horridly trick'd
  Ham. Why, e'en so! and now my Lady Worm's, chapless, and knock'd
    Goes slow and stately by them. Thrice he walk'd
  Hor. (reads the letter) 'Horatio, when thou shalt have overlook'd
    Nor sense to ecstacy was ne'er so thrall'd
    To tell him his commandment is fulfill'd
    Within his truncheon's length; whilst they distill'd
    To quit him with this arm? And is't not to be damn'd
    And with his head over his shoulder turn'd
    Was gaged by our king; which had return'd
  King. To thine own peace. If he be now return'd
      Who this had seen, with tongue in venom steep'd
         Hath now this dread and black complexion smear'd
    His nephew's levies; which to him appear'd
    Taken to wife; nor have we herein barr'd
    The youth you breathe of guilty, be assur'd
    As had he been incorps'd and demi-natur'd
    or if it was, not above once; for the play, I remember, pleas'd
    And with them words of so sweet breath compos'd
    That cannot be; since I am still possess'd
    Or that the Everlasting had not fix'd
    fortunes turn Turk with me-with two Provincial roses on my raz'd
    The graves stood tenantless, and the sheeted dead
    Now pile your dust upon the quick and dead
      A second time I kill my husband dead
    We should profane the service of the dead
    Fall ten times treble on that cursed head
    The source of this our watch, and the chief head
    T' o'ertop old Pelion or the skyish head
      With bisson rheum; a clout upon that head
      Which was declining on the milky head
    Will sate itself in a celestial bed
    I'll call upon you ere you go to bed
    If his fitness speaks, mine is ready; now or whensoever, provided
    As false as dicers' oaths. O, such a deed
    But we will ship him hence; and this vile deed
    To show yourself your father's son in deed
    Where truth is hid, though it were hid indeed
    Confound the ignorant, and amaze indeed
  Laer. I know him well. He is the broach indeed
    A combination and a form indeed
    That he cried out 'twould be a sight indeed
    To keep it from divulging, let it feed
    And duller shouldst thou be than the fat weed
    For look you how cheerfully my mother looks, and my father died
    'To the celestial, and my soul's idol, the most beautified
    I did repel his letters and denied
    Whose blood and judgment are so well commingled
    Since yet thy cicatrice looks raw and red
    hath borne me on his back a thousand tunes. And now how abhorred
    Have heaven and earth together demonstrated
    journeymen had made men, and not made them well, they imitated
    The memory be green, and that it us befitted
    Or like a creature native and indued
            Let in the maid, that out a maid
    set down with as much modesty as cunning. I remember one said
    Are burnt and purg'd away. But that I am forbid
    But if't be he I mean, he's very wild
    A little month, or ere those shoes were old
  Ros. Happily he's the second time come to them; for they say an old
    To mine own room again; making so bold
  Ham. [aside] Nay then, I have an eye of you.- If you love me, hold
    Should have a back or second, that might hold
    I do not know from what part of the world
    And let me speak to the yet unknowing world
    In the corrupted currents of this world
  Ham. The phrase would be more germane to the matter if we could
    would play upon me; you would seem to know my stops; you would
  Rey. At 'closes in the consequence,' at 'friend or so,' and
  Ham. It is not very strange; for my uncle is King of Denmark, and
  Ham. A goodly one; in which there are many confines, wards, and
    crown, kisses it, pours poison in the sleeper's ears, and
    rapiers and poniards, with their assigns, as girdle, hangers, and
    only emperor for diet. We fat all creatures else to fat us, and
  Ham. Why, anything- but to th' purpose. You were sent for; and
    a kind of yesty collection, which carries them through and
    have tribute of me; the adventurous knight shall use his foil and
    speech of some dozen or sixteen lines which I would set down and
    them) that many wearing rapiers are afraid of goosequills and
    full of most excellent differences, of very soft society and
    And both neglect. What if this cursed hand
    The corse they follow did with desp'rate hand
    But to recover of us, by strong hand
    If by direct or by collateral hand
    Thus was I, sleeping, by a brother's hand
  Hor. It must be shortly known to him from England
    Thus set it down: he shall with speed to England
    Put your dread pleasures more into command
  Ham. O good Horatio, I'll take the ghost's word for a thousand
  Other. The gallows-maker; for that frame outlives a thousand
    Conjures the wand'ring stars, and makes them stand
    No more; and by a sleep to say we end
    And each particular hair to stand an end
    I, his sole son, do this same villain send
  Queen. Mad as the sea and wind when both contend
    If circumstances lead me, I will find
      Honour'd, belov'd, and haply one as kind
    With all the strength and armour of the mind
    Take these again; for to the noble mind
    lungs are tickle o' th' sere; and the lady shall say her mind
    And for his death no wind
    That father lost, lost his, and the survivor bound
  Ros. The single and peculiar life is bound
    As it hath us'd to do- that I have found
    He tells me, my dear Gertrude, he hath found
    But better look'd into, he truly found
    He rais'd a sigh so piteous and profound
    King. Full thirty times hath Phoebus' cart gone round
    We go to gain a little patch of ground
  Ham. For if the sun breed maggots in a dead dog, being a god
    That to the use of actions fair and good
  Pol. Fore God, my lord, well spoken, with good accent and good
  Ham. Why, then 'tis none to you; for there is nothing either good
    My brother shall know of it; and so I thank you for your good
    Contagion to this world. Now could I drink hot blood
    great showing. Indeed, to speak feelingly of him, he is the card
    Fie upon't! foh! About, my brain! Hum, I have heard
    Upon a fearful summons. I have heard
    Our hasty sending. Something have you heard
    Hoist with his own petar; and 't shall go hard
      Guildenstern, and other Lords attendant, with the Guard
    I could a tale unfold whose lightest word
      With less remorse than Pyrrhus' bleeding sword
      But with the whiff and wind of his fell sword
  Ham. It was a brute part of him to kill so capital a calf there. Be
    Horatio. A fellow of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy. He
Dramatis Personae
    Let not the royal bed of Denmark be
  Ham. That I can keep your counsel, and not mine own. Besides, to be
    A minist'ring angel shall my sister be
    it is the breathing time of day with me. Let the foils be
    the fall of a sparrow. If it be now, 'tis not to come', if it be
    To fust in us unus'd. Now, whether it be
    Unto that element; but long it could not be
    But this eternal blazon must not be
    'Swounds, I should take it! for it cannot be
    vice to know him. He hath much land, and fertile. Let a beast be
    I have a voice and precedent of peace
    He falls to such perusal of my face
    As he in his particular act and place
    But it reserv'd some quantity of choice
    Since my dear soul was mistress of her choice
    But even his mother shall uncharge the practice
    Unbated and envenom'd. The foul practice
    Break we our watch up; and by my advice
    Even while men's minds are wild, lest more mischance
            Exeunt marching; after the which a peal of ordnance
    My thoughts and wishes bend again toward France
  Ham. I'll be your foil, Laertes. In mine ignorance
  King. And can you by no drift of circumstance
    On such regards of safety and allowance
    grieve; the censure of the which one must in your allowance
    It will be laid to us, whose providence
    For that which thou hast done,- must send thee hence
  Ros. Tell us where 'tis, that we may take it thence
    And with such coz'nage- is't not perfect conscience
    We'll put on those shall praise your excellence
    Nor shall you do my ear that violence
    That so his sickness, age, and impotence
    Importing health and graveness. Two months since
  Ham. No, nor mine now. [To Polonius] My lord, you play'd once
    It shall as level to your judgment pierce
         O, a Pit of clay for to be made
    [Sings] O, a pit of clay for to be made
      The instant burst of clamour that she made
    Till of this flat a mountain you have made
    wantonness your ignorance. Go to, I'll no more on't! it hath made
    The lists, and full proportions are all made
    Fell in the weeping brook. Her clothes spread wide
    Gives him three thousand crowns in annual fee
    You are welcome, masters; welcome, all.- I am glad to see thee
    And crook the pregnant hinges of the knee
    you not sent for? Is it your own inclining? Is it a free
    work; but what o' that? Your Majesty, and we that have free
    And let all sleep, while to my shame I see
    For by the image of my cause I see
  Ham. I could interpret between you and your love, if I could see
    To keep those many many bodies safe
    Upon whose property and most dear life
    The serpent that did sting thy father's life
    yet? Then there's hope a great man's memory may outlive his life
    Or if thou hast uphoarded in thy life
    Stood challenger on mount of all the age
    By heaven, it is as proper to our age
    You cannot call it love; for at your age
    'Tis too much prov'd, that with devotion's visage
    To have prov'd most royally; and for his passage
    He hath not fail'd to pester us with message
    Good gentlemen, give him a further edge
    And to those thorns that in her bosom lodge
    We may of their encounter frankly judge
      This world is not for aye, nor 'tis not strange
    Of your dear father's death, is't writ in Your revenge
    earth; of earth we make loam; and why of that loam (whereto he
    carried away. The Poisoner wooes the Queen with gifts; she
  King. But how hath she
    Like Niobe, all tears- why she, even she
    action how like an angel! in apprehension how like a god! the
  Ros. Even those you were wont to take such delight in, the
  Clown. What is he that builds stronger than either the mason, the
    seems to me a sterile promontory; this most excellent canopy, the
    and we had the trick to see't. Did these bones cost no more the
             [The Attendants part them, and they come out of the
    thou dost ill to say the gallows is built stronger than the
  Ham. Do they hold the same estimation they did when I was in the
  Ham. Then will I come to my mother by-and-by.- They fool me to the
    temperance that may give it smoothness. O, it offends me to the
    put another question to thee. If thou answerest me not to the
    is but variable service- two dishes, but to one table. That's the
  Clown. Cannot you tell that? Every fool can tell that. It was the
  Clown. Give me leave. Here lies the water; good. Here stands the
  Ham. 'The Mousetrap.' Marry, how? Tropically. This play is the
    when I shall (first asking your pardon thereunto) recount the
  Ham. That skull had a tongue in it, and could sing once. How the
    of our fellowship, by the consonancy of our youth, by the
    ladyship is nearer to heaven than when I saw you last by the
    And breath of life, I have no life to breathe
    A slave that is not twentieth part the tithe
    article, and his infusion of such dearth and rareness as, to make
    When he himself might his quietus make
    him and my daughter.- My honourable lord, I will most humbly take
    Hamlet comes back. What would you undertake
    tell you must show fairly outwards) should more appear like
    The need we have to use you did provoke
    How weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable
         Black as his purpose, did the night resemble
    I had not quoted him. I fear'd he did but trifle
  Hor. Season your admiration for a while
    As to expend your time with us awhile
      My spirits grow dull, and fain I would beguile
    That's an ill phrase, a vile phrase; 'beautified' is a vile
    Nor will it yield to Norway or the Pole
    When yond same star that's westward from the pole
    That from a shelf the precious diadem stole
    Bestial oblivion, or some craven scruple
    you go about to recover the wind of me, as if you would drive me
  Laer. It well appears. But tell me
    Stand dumb and speak not to him. This to me
    Blasted with ecstasy. O, woe is me
    And do't the speedier that you may direct me
  Ham. Then is doomsday near! But your news is not true. Let me
  King. With all my heart, and it doth much content me
    How all occasions do inform against me
    But sure the bravery of his grief did put me
    And set a double varnish on the fame
    That for a fantasy and trick of fame
    And melt in her own fire. Proclaim no shame
    O good Horatio, what a wounded name
    Transports his poisoned shot- may miss our name
    To reason most absurd, whose common theme
  Ham. Why, I will fight with him upon this theme
    My pulse as yours doth temperately keep time
    If his chief good and market of his time
    You must not take for fire. From this time
    To keep my name ungor'd. But till that time
    There with fantastic garlands did she come
    To let this canker of our nature come
    For in that sleep of death what dreams may come
    Her maiden strewments, and the bringing home
                 Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, [with some
    You cannot speak of reason to the Dane
    tragical-historical, tragical-comical-historical-pastoral; scene
    Have by the very cunning of the scene
    his fines, and the recovery of his recoveries, to have his fine
    I made to her in marriage, and to decline
    And I do think- or else this brain of mine
    Away! for everything is seal'd and done
    With sore distraction. What I have done
    Your better wisdoms, which have freely gone
    Attends the boist'rous ruin. Never alone
    For nature crescent does not grow alone
    The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune
    I have taken note of it, the age is grown so picked that the toe
  Laer. O, treble woe
    be thou as chaste as ice, as pure as snow, thou shalt not escape
    I'll speak to it, though hell itself should gape
    Thou com'st in such a questionable shape
    To business with the King, more than the scope
    Plautus too light. For the law of writ and the liberty, these are
  Hor. [aside] His purse is empty already. All's golden words are
    freely, or the blank verse shall halt fort. What players are
    me mad. I say, we will have no moe marriages. Those that are
    uncurrent gold, be not crack'd within the ring.- Masters, you are
by William Shakespeare
    Of each new-hatch'd, unfledg'd comrade. Beware
    and sure, dear friends, my thanks are too dear a halfpenny. Were
    But to my mind, though I am native here
         Of Jove himself; and now reigns here
    That he, as 'twere by accident, may here
    To England send him; or confine him where
    Have burst their cerements; why the sepulchre
    As if it some impartment did desire
    Before You visit him, to make inquire
    O'er whom his very madness, like some ore
    To keep itself from noyance; but much more
  Ham. You cannot, sir, take from me anything that I will more
    Makes vow before his uncle never more
  Ham. The concernancy, sir? Why do we wrap the gentleman in our more
    The terms of our estate may not endure
    Well may it sort that this portentous figure
    Hunts not the trail of policy so sure
    Have you so slander any moment leisure
    Exposing what is mortal and unsure
    Making night hideous, and we fools of nature
    Till the foul crimes done in my days of nature
    Yet so far hath discretion fought with nature
    That grows to seed; things rank and gross in nature
    They clip us drunkards and with swinish phrase
    For food and diet, to some enterprise
    true diction of him, his semblable is his mirror, and who else
    half a year. But, by'r Lady, he must build churches then; or else
    Or but a sickly part of one true sense
    Whose wicked deed thy most ingenious sense
    Else could you not have motion; but sure that sense
    Hast ta'en with equal thanks; and blest are those
    in my imagination it is! My gorge rises at it. Here hung those
    shall he suffer not thinking on, with the hobby-horse, whose
    end his part in peace; the clown shall make those laugh whose
    And I do doubt the hatch and the disclose
    Or with a little shuffling, you may choose
    Calls virtue hypocrite; takes off the rose
    And to such wondrous doing brought his horse
    In obstinate condolement is a course
    thee where I am. Rosencrantz and Guildenstern hold their course
    That your good beauties be the happy cause
    sinners? I am myself indifferent honest, but yet I could accuse
    That I have shot my arrow o'er the house
  Ros. I think their inhibition comes by the means of the late
    'Tis told me he hath very oft of late
    My liege, and madam, to expostulate
    Set your entreatments at a higher rate
    The time is out of joint. O cursed spite
    As of a father; for let the world take note
    Or such ambiguous giving out, to note
    Eats not the flats with more impetuous haste
    What might be toward, that this sweaty haste
  Queen. What have I done that thou dar'st wag thy tongue
    Collected from all simples that have virtue
  Ham. So you must take your husbands.- Begin, murtherer. Pox, leave
  Pol. He hath, my lord, wrung from me my slow leave
    And makes us rather bear those ills we have
    first mouth'd, to be last Swallowed. When he needs what you have
    this, give these fellows some means to the King. They have
  Hor. There needs no ghost, my lord, come from the grave
    reckon my groans; but that I love thee best, O most best, believe
  Pol. It shall do well. But yet do I believe
  Hor. Before my God, I might not this believe
    Which we do tender as we dearly grieve
    those that would make mows at him while my father lived give
    beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give
    And thy commandment all alone shall live
  Ham. Nay, but to live
    Taint not thy mind, nor let thy soul contrive
    I could not but by her. The other motive
    Anon, as patient as the female dove
    There lives within the very flame of love
    And with no less nobility of love
    Stew'd in corruption, honeying and making love
  Oph. My lord, he hath importun'd me with love
    This mad young man. But so much was our love
    Queen. The instances that second marriage move
    Yet the unshaped use of it doth move
    This must be known; which, being kept close, might move
    After the Danish sword, and thy free awe
    O, that that earth which kept the world in awe
    I have a speech of fire, that fain would blaze
    hear? Let them be well us'd; for they are the abstract and brief
  Ham. [comes forward] What is he whose grief
    The origin and commencement of his grief
         By his cockle bat and' staff
    Or to the dreadful summit of the cliff
    little. 'Sblood, there is something in this more than natural, if
    sir,- it comes from th' ambassador that was bound for England- if
  Ros. How can that be, when you have the voice of the King himself
    When down her weedy trophies and herself
    Given private time to you, and you yourself
    And oft 'tis seen the wicked prize itself
    It sends some precious instance of itself
    Whose violent property fordoes itself
    How strange or odd soe'er I bear myself
    Behind the arras I'll convey myself
    know, to divide him inventorially would dozy th' arithmetic of
    very responsive to the hilts, most delicate carriages, and of
    altitude of a chopine. Pray God your voice, like a piece of
    his wife, Baptista. You shall see anon. 'Tis a knavish piece of
  Guil. Which dreams indeed are ambition; for the very substance of
    fines, his double vouchers, his recoveries. Is this the fine of
    pate full of fine dirt? Will his vouchers vouch him no more of
    letters for him. Ere we were two days old at sea, a pirate of
  Clown. A pestilence on him for a mad rogue! 'A pour'd a flagon of
    till doomsday. Go, get thee to Yaughan; fetch me a stoup of
  Ham. Get thee to a nunnery! Why wouldst thou be a breeder of
    Dost thou hear me, old friend? Can you play 'The Murther of
    keep out water a great while; and your water is a sore decayer of
    nor no matter in the phrase that might indict the author of
    speak it profanely), that, neither having the accent of
    or calendar of gentry; for you shall find in him the continent of
    this special observance, that you o'erstep not the modesty of
    But with a crafty madness keeps aloof
    That he could nothing do but wish and beg
    Comes armed through our watch, so like the King
    Enter a King and a Queen very lovingly; the Queen embracing
    What company, at what expense; and finding
    neck. He lays him down upon a bank of flowers. She, seeing
    More relative than this. The play's the thing
    roof fretted with golden fire- why, it appeareth no other thing
  Hor. And then it started, like a guilty thing
  Ham. Ay, sir, but 'while the grass grows'- the proverb is something
    There's such divinity doth hedge a king
    That great baby you see there is not yet out of his swaddling
    shows and noise. I would have such a fellow whipp'd for o'erdoing
    The ears are senseless that should give us bearing
  Ghost. Pity me not, but lend thy serious hearing
    light for the bore of the matter. These good fellows will bring
    The canker galls the infants of the spring
  Ham. Sir, in my heart there was a kind of fighting
    A broken voice, and his whole function suiting
    And sure I am two men there are not living
    When I had seen this hot love on the wing
    his replies are! a happiness that often madness hits on, which
    assigns, and three liberal-conceited carriages: that's the French
    against the which he has impon'd, as I take it, six French
    Craves the conveyance of a promis'd march
    Appears before them and with solemn march
    And now no soil nor cautel doth besmirch
    Out of his subject; and we here dispatch
    (Marcellus and Bernardo) on their watch
    Why this same strict and most observant watch
    A baseness to write fair, and labour'd much
    The sun no sooner shall the mountains touch
    Without the sensible and true avouch
  Ham. Make you a wholesome answer; my wit's diseas'd. But, sir, such
    form and pressure. Now this overdone, or come tardy off, though
    The chariest maid is prodigal enough
    That swift as quicksilverr it courses through
  Ham. Nothing but to show you how a king may go a progress through
      Stoops to his base, and with a hideous crash
    And from her fair and unpolluted flesh
    Sound a flourish. [Enter Trumpets and Kettledrums. Danish
    And for your part, Ophelia, I do wish
    Under the moon, can save the thing from death
    Or thinking by our late dear brother's death
  King. Though yet of Hamlet our dear brother's death
    Is by a forged process of my death
    rawer breath
  Ham. I have heard of your paintings too, well enough. God hath
    yourself and him, he shall not exceed you three hits; he hath
    his purchases, and double ones too, than the length and breadth
    tutor. Suit the action to the word, the word to the action; with
    better proposer could charge you withal, be even and direct with
    Giving more light than heat, extinct in both
    I cannot dream of. I entreat you both
    thy damnable faces, and begin! Come, the croaking raven doth
    Extorted treasure in the womb of earth
    'This must be so.' We pray you throw to earth
    I would not, in plain terms, from this time forth
    And in the morn and liquid dew of youth
    That unmatch'd form and feature of blown youth
    A dull and muddy-mettled rascal, peak
    For murther, though it have no tongue, will speak
  King. Why, now You speak
    And that his soul may be as damn'd and black
    and his tricks? Why does he suffer this rude knave now to knock
    And with a larger tether may he walk
  Clown. Why, there thou say'st! And the more pity that great folk
    As it did seem to shatter all his bulk
    What forgeries you please; marry, none so rank
    breeding but to play at loggets with 'em? Mine ache to think
  King. Break not your sleeps for that. You must not think
    The first row of the pious chanson will show you more; for look
    And, in this upshot, purposes mistook
    My sea-gown scarf'd about me, in the dark
    In which the majesty of buried Denmark
    A serpent stung me. So the whole ear of Denmark
  Ham. There's neer a villain dwelling in all Denmark
    From whence though willingly I came to Denmark
    What might you think? No, I went round to work
    Why such impress of shipwrights, whose sore task
    air, look you, this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical
    Where every god did seem to set his seal
    (My fears forgetting manners) to unseal
    laid on twelve for nine, and it would come to immediate trial
    With variable objects, shall expel
    From that particular fault. The dram of e'il
    Let my disclaiming from a purpos'd evil
    To hell, allegiance! vows, to the blackest devil
    The Scripture says Adam digg'd. Could he dig without arms? I'll
    not saw the air too much with your hand, thus, but use all
    the fashion, and so berattle the common stages (so they call
      And never did the Cyclops' hammers fall
    But I am pigeon-liver'd and lack gall
    And let me wring your heart; for so I shall
    target; the lover shall not sigh gratis; the humorous man shall
  Ham. He that plays the king shall be welcome- his Majesty shall
    What feast is toward in thine eternal cell
    As if he had been loosed out of hell
    Let me not burst in ignorance, but tell
    And for my means, I'll husband them so well
  Laer. Farewell, Ophelia, and remember well
    I will bestow him, and will answer well
    Our indiscretion sometime serves us well
    We must with all our majesty and skill
  Clown. Why, sir, his hide is so tann'd with his trade that 'a will
    To show us so much gentry and good will
    of a pair of indentures? The very conveyances of his lands will
  Clown. Cudgel thy brains no more about it, for your dull ass will
    fingers and thumbs, give it breath with your mouth, and it will
    know if your pleasure hold to play with Laertes, or that you will
    That we are made of stuff so flat and dull
  Ham. Let the doors be shut upon him, that he may play the fool
    And my imaginations are as foul
    The inward service of the mind and soul
    She's so conjunctive to my life and soul
    When the blood burns, how prodigal the soul
    O, step between her and her fighting soul
    And we shall jointly labour with your soul
    Lay not that flattering unction to your soul
    Was not like madness. There's something in his soul
    Even with the very comment of thy soul
    This sudden sending him away must seem
    They were given me by Claudio; he receiv'd them
    entertainment the players shall receive from you. We coted them
    speak no more than is set down for them. For there be of them
    are no better), their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim
    And that he calls for drink, I'll have prepar'd him
    And will not let belief take hold of him
    No more to undertake it, I will work him
    him about the sconce with a dirty shovel, and will not tell him
    Did not together pluck such envy from him
  Osr. I mean, sir, for his weapon; but in the imputation laid on him
    Must I remember? Why, she would hang on him
    That we with wisest sorrow think on him
    Addicted so and so'; and there put on him
    That is not passion's slave, and I will wear him
    Let his queen mother all alone entreat him
    More than his father's death, that thus hath put him
  Queen. Did you assay him
    To bear our hearts in grief, and our whole kingdom
    I have some rights of memory in this kingdom
    A thought which, quarter'd, hath but one part wisdom
    And to the manner born, it is a custom
    In filial obligation for some term
    Together with that fair and warlike form
    And there assume some other, horrible form
  Ham. Ay, truly; for the power of beauty will sooner transform
    the point: if I drown myself wittingly, it argues an act; and an
    escoted? Will they pursue the quality no longer than they can
    honesty from what it is to a bawd than the force of honesty can
    To cast thee up again. What may this mean
  Ham. Horatio, thou art e'en as just a man
    Sith nor th' exterior nor the inward man
  Ham. Ay, sir. To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man
    Holds such an enmity with blood of man
    To sound what stop she please. Give me that man
  Ham. What imports the nomination of this gentleman
    is this quintessence of dust? Man delights not me- no, nor woman
    Fie on't! ah, fie! 'Tis an unweeded garden
    Hath scald thee for herself. For thou hast been
      And thirty dozed moons with borrowed sheen
    I know my course. The spirit that I have seen
    have not craft enough to colour. I know the good King and Queen
    And that your Grace hath screen'd and stood between
    will leave him and suddenly contrive the means of meeting between
  Osr. The King, sir, hath laid that, in a dozen passes between
    your whoreson dead body. Here's a skull now. This skull hath lien
    And with such maimed rites? This doth betoken
  Ham. Slanders, sir; for the satirical rogue says here that old men
    The imminent death of twenty thousand men
    The form of plausive manners, that these men
    So oft it chances in particular men
  Hor. Two nights together had these gentlemen
    Or lose your heart, or your chaste treasure open
    that will themselves laugh, to set on some quantity of barren
  Ros. To think, my lord, if you delight not in man, what lenten
    suit of sables. O heavens! die two months ago, and not forgotten
    That he might not beteem the winds of heaven
      Would have made milch the burning eyes of heaven
    Had made his course t' illume that part of heaven
    Would I had met my dearest foe in heaven
    As oft as any passion under heaven
    Will nothing stick Our person to arraign
    faculties! in form and moving how express and admirable! in
    receiv'd it, and others, whose judgments in such matters cried in
    his authorities. But such officers do the King best service in
  Ham. Not a whit, we defy augury; there's a special providence in
    valanc'd since I saw thee last. Com'st' thou to' beard me in
    twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in
    piece of work is a man! how noble in reason! how infinite in
    especially where he speaks of Priam's slaughter. If it live in
                  [Exit the Queen. Then] Exit Hamlet, tugging in
  Ham. How chances it they travel? Their residence, both in
  Ham. I dare not confess that, lest I should compare with him in
  Ham. I do not think so. Since he went into France I have been in
  Ham. My lord, I have news to tell you. When Roscius was an actor in
    honour and dignity. The less they deserve, the more merit is in
    That he which hath your noble father slain
    And we beseech you, bend you to remain
    Without more motive, into every brain
  Ham. Not where he eats, but where he is eaten. A certain
    Then weigh what loss your honour may sustain
    To his confine; and of the truth herein
    And after we will both our judgments join
    Such was the very armour he had on
    And he not from his reason fall'n thereon
    Had he the motive and the cue for passion
    When we would bring him on to some confession
    That flesh is heir to. 'Tis a consummation
  Ros. Faith, there has been much to do on both sides; and the nation
    If one could match you. The scrimers of their nation
    I have in quick determination
  Ghost. Do not forget. This visitation
    And they in France of the best rank and station
    him and he her. She kneels, and makes show of protestation
  Mar. Look with what courteous action
    And could of men distinguish, her election
    According to the phrase or the addition
    Why should we in our peevish opposition
    So horridly to shake our disposition
    That might your nature, honour, and exception
    Shall in the general censure take corruption
    By this encompassment and drift of question
    And thus the native hue of resolution
    For what we know must be, and is as common
    And why such daily cast of brazen cannon
    Queen. So many journeys may the sun and moon
    demanded of a sponge, what replication should be made by the son
    Than that which dearest father bears his son
    You laying these slight sullies on my son
    That capability and godlike reason
    (O God! a beast that wants discourse of reason
    Which might deprive your sovereignty of reason
  Hor. Indeed? I heard it not. It then draws near the season
    deserved at the hands of Fortune that she sends you to prison
                            [Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern
    The undiscover'd country, from whose bourn
    your mother's commandment; if not, your pardon and my return
      Our wills and fates do so contrary run
  Clown. How can that be, unless she drown'd herself in her own
    desert, and who should scape whipping? Use them after your own
Enter two Sentinels-[first,] Francisco, [who paces up and down
    My tables! Meet it is I set it down
    Leave wringing of your hinds. Peace! sit you down
    As are companions noted and most known
    As if increase of appetite had grown
    Deliberate pause. Diseases desperate grown
    and shows a most pitiful ambition in the fool that uses it. Go
    If it shall please you to make me a wholesome answer, I will do
    My stern effects. Then what I have to do
    And let them know both what we mean to do
    players do, I had as live the town crier spoke my lines. Nor do
    O, the recorders! Let me see one. To withdraw with you- why do
         Which bewept to the grave did not go
    Why to a public count I might not go
  Lord. My lord, his Majesty commended him to you by young Osric, who
    tatters, to very rags, to split the cars of the groundlings, who
    Their grand commission; where I found, Horatio
  Ham. O wonderful son, that can so stonish a mother! But is there no
    scarcely lie in this box; and must th' inheritor himself have no
    more than their even-Christen. Come, my spade! There is no
  Ham. That if you be honest and fair, your honesty should admit no
    discovery, and your secrecy to the King and Queen moult no
    to speak in thine ear will make thee dumb; yet are they much too
    very warlike appointment gave us chase. Finding ourselves too
    Christians, nor the gait of Christian, pagan, nor man, have so
    mirth, forgone all custom of exercises; and indeed, it goes so
    If damned custom have not braz'd it so
    The rather, if you could devise it so
  Ham. You should not have believ'd me; for virtue cannot so
  Ham. Ay, or any show that you'll show him. Be not you asham'd to
    He's for a jig or a tale of bawdry, or he sleeps. Say on; come to
    will he nill he, he goes- mark you that. But if the water come to
    My good friends, I'll leave you till night. You are welcome to
    soul to hear a robustious periwig-pated fellow tear a passion to
    brings back to him, that you attend him in the hall. He sends to
    bar the door upon your own liberty, if you deny your griefs to
  Ham. Your wisdom should show itself more richer to signify this to
  Ros. My lord, you must tell us where the body is and go with us to
  Lord. The Queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to
    have seen play, and heard others praise, and that highly (not to
      'O dear Ophelia, I am ill at these numbers; I have not art to
  Ros. Then thus she says: your behaviour hath struck her into
  Ham. Bid the players make haste, [Exit Polonius.] Will you two
  Oph. I shall th' effect of this good lesson keep
    To try conclusions, in the basket creep
    For out o' doors he went without their help
    sir, an eyrie of children, little eyases, that cry out on the top
      Seeming to feel this blow, with flaming top
    find him not within this month, you shall nose him as you go up
    Here is your husband, like a mildew'd ear
    And I'll be plac'd so please you, in the ear
    And wants not buzzers to infect his ear
    How these things came about. So shall You hear
    Since nature makes them partial, should o'erhear
    The glowworm shows the matin to be near
    As peace should still her wheaten garland wear
    he knew me not at first. He said I was a fishmonger. He is far
    we fat ourselves for maggots. Your fat king and your lean beggar
    Disasters in the sun; and the moist star
    The soldiers' music and the rites of war
    And pious action we do sugar o'er
      As hush as death- anon the dreadful thunder
    And, as I think, they have already order
    Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer
    That they are not a pipe for Fortune's finger
  Ham. Then you live about her waist, or in the middle of her
    unto him. He takes her up, and declines his head upon her
    To sing a requiem and such rest to her
    My father's brother, but no more like my father
    Play something like the murther of my father
    would give you some violets, but they wither'd all when my father
    entertainment than yours. You are welcome. But my uncle-father
    To draw him on to pleasures, and to gather
    The Frenchman gave you; bring you in fine together
  Pol. You know sometimes he walks four hours together
    Enter King, Queen, Laertes, Osric, and Lords, with other
    But yet to me they are strong. The Queen his mother
    Hyperion to a satyr; so loving to my mother
  Hor [aside to Hamlet] Is't not possible to understand in another
    May give his saying deed; which is no further
         They bore him barefac'd on the bier
  Francisco, a soldier
  Ham. 'Tis e'en so. The hand of little employment hath the daintier
    For 'tis the sport to have the enginer
    Upon the beat and flame of thy distemper
    That they do know my son, come you more nearer
    O heart, lose not thy nature; let not ever
    To do obsequious sorrow. But to persever
    With an attent ear, till I may deliver
    O wicked wit and gifts, that have the power
    May be a devil; and the devil hath power
    Giving to you no further personal power
    while, no money bid for argument unless the poet and the player
    My fault is past. But, O, what form of prayer
    But on! Six Barbary horses against six French swords, their
  Hor. If your mind dislike anything, obey it. I will forestall their
  Ham. How absolute the knave is! We must speak by the card, or
    of mercy; but they knew what they did: I am to do a good turn for
  Ham. Thou dost lie in't, to be in't and say it is thine. 'Tis for
    Next, Your son gone, and he most violent author
    Mother, good night.- Indeed, this counsellor
    individable, or poem unlimited. Seneca cannot be too heavy, nor
    Upon a wretch whose natural gifts were poor
    trippingly on the tongue. But if you mouth it, as many of our
  Clown. Of all the days i' th' year, I came to't that day that our
    That show of such an exercise may colour
    To my revenge. But in my terms of honour
    Till by some elder masters of known honour
    And in the porches of my ears did pour
    Denmark?- What, my young lady and mistress? By'r Lady, your
  Ham. Be not too tame neither; but let your own discretion be your
    amble, and you lisp; you nickname God's creatures and make your
  Ham. It is as easy as lying. Govern these ventages with your
    were wont to set the table on a roar? Not one now, to mock your
    [Reads]'High and Mighty,-You shall know I am set naked on your
  Ros. Why, then your ambition makes it one. 'Tis too narrow for your
    believe none of us. Go thy ways to a nunnery. Where's your
    convocation of politic worms are e'en at him. Your worm is your
  Ham. I will tell you why. So shall my anticipation prevent your
  Ham. I will receive it, sir, with all diligence of spirit. Put your
    strutted and bellowed that I have thought some of Nature's
    Rhenish on my head once. This same skull, sir, was Yorick's
  Pol. Look, whe'r he has not turn'd his colour, and has tears in's
    own grinning? Quite chap- fall'n? Now get you to my lady's
    whose end, both at the first and now, was and is, to hold, as
  Clown. 'Twill not he seen in him there. There the men are as mad as
    affectation; but call'd it an honest method, as wholesome as
  Ham. It is but foolery; but it is such a kind of gaingiving as
    married already- all but one- shall live; the rest shall keep as
    Tell him that by his license Fortinbras
           This realm dismantled was
    Himself the primrose path of dalliance treads
    And do not spread the compost on the weeds
    There on the pendant boughs her coronet weeds
    Do not for ever with thy vailed lids
    And terms compulsatory, those foresaid lands
    Importing the surrender of those lands
    Did forfeit, with his life, all those his lands
  Ros. Niggard of question, but of our demands
    Upon whose influence Neptune's empire stands
    Come, Gertrude, we'll call up our wisest friends
    Carve for himself, for on his choice depends
    Abuses me to damn me. I'll have grounds
    A man that Fortune's buffets and rewards
    to me with as much speed as thou wouldst fly death. I have words
    Must (like a whore) unpack my heart with words
            Then up he rose and donn'd his clo'es
    lips that I have kiss'd I know not how oft. Where be your gibes
    Like to a murd'ring piece, in many places
  Guil. Heavens make our presence and our practices
    Are here arriv'd, give order that these bodies
    Th' extravagant and erring spirit hies
  Clown. It must be se offendendo; it cannot be else. For here lies
    There is no shuffling; there the action lies
    Some little time; so by your companies
    there is a kind of confession in your looks, which your modesties
  Ros. Both your Majesties
    And he beseech'd me to entreat your Majesties
    leaves him. The Queen returns, finds the King dead, and makes
    The very soul, and sweet religion makes
    Soil our addition; and indeed it takes
  1. Play. 'Run barefoot up and down, threat'ning the flames
    When I to sulph'rous and tormenting flames
    Having ever seen in the prenominate crimes
    For in the fatness of these pursy times
  Pol. Indeed, that is out o' th' air. [Aside] How pregnant sometimes
    'Tis dangerous when the baser nature comes
    Some say that ever, 'gainst that season comes
    Yet needfull too; for youth no less becomes
    But I will delve one yard below their mines
    As harbingers preceding still the fates
    I should have fatted all the region kites
    and many more of the same bevy that I know the drossy age dotes
  King. If it be so, Laertes
    Of Hamlet's wildness. So shall I hope your virtues
  King. There's matter in these sighs. These profound heaves
    alone became their prisoner. They have dealt with me like thieves
    To the ambassadors of England gives
    should have count'nance in this world to drown or hang themselves
    have grey beards; that their faces are wrinkled; their eyes
    And batten on this moor? Ha! have you eyes
    To whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser things
    Richer than that which four successive kings
    And leads the will to desperate undertakings
    O, this is the poison of deep grief; it springs
    well.- Welcome, good friends.- O, my old friend? Why, thy face is
  Ham. My mother! Father and mother is man and wife; man and wife is
  Osr. Nay, good my lord; for mine ease, in good faith. Sir, here is
    And what so poor a man as Hamlet is
    Most holy and religious fear it is
    Alexander was buried, Alexander returneth into dust; the dust is
    comes in again, seem to condole with her. The dead body is








































































































































































































































































































    lord of beasts, and his crib shall stand at the king's mess. 'Tis
    great buyer of land, with his statutes, his recognizances, his
    how the wheel becomes it! It is the false steward, that stole his
    scorn her own image, and the very age and body of the time his
    him asleep, leaves him. Anon comes in a fellow, takes off his
    If you oppos'd them. Sir, this report of his
  Ham. God's bodykins, man, much better! Use every man after his
    not mend his pace with beating; and when you are ask'd this
    To make oppression bitter, or ere this
  Pol. [points to his head and shoulder] Take this from this, if this
    chamber, and tell her, let her paint an inch thick, to this
    So excellent a king, that was to this
    Take up the bodies. Such a sight as this
  Ham. I humbly thank you, sir. [Aside to Horatio] Dost know this
    The heartache, and the thousand natural shocks
    As from the body of contraction plucks
    Your visitation shall receive such thanks
    of the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier he galls
    And in this brainish apprehension kills
  Laer. To his good friends thus wide I'll ope my arms
    Sith I have cause, and will, and strength, and means
    Weigh what convenience both of time and means
    As checking at his voyage, and that he means
    themselves to common players (as it is most like, if their means
    Is there not rain enough in the sweet heavens
    Or by some habit that too much o'erleavens
    Mad let us grant him then. And now remains
  Fort. Let four captains
    To cast beyond ourselves in our opinions
    The fair Ophelia!- Nymph, in thy orisons
    The insolence of office, and the spurns
  Ham. O, reform it altogether! And let those that play your clowns
    the doctor; for me to put him to his purgation would perhaps
    T' assume a pleasing shape; yea, and perhaps
         But age with his stealing steps
    But, sir, such wanton, wild, and usual slips
  Gent. She speaks much of her father; says she hears
    Who, impotent and bedrid, scarcely hears
    That I have? He would drown the stage with tears
    Ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tears
    The light and careless livery that it wears
    equivocation will undo us. By the Lord, Horatio, this three years
  Oph. He hath, my lord, of late made many tenders
    souls, it touches us not. Let the gall'd jade winch; our withers
  Ham. I lov'd Ophelia. Forty thousand brothers
    Thick and and unwholesome in their thoughts and whispers
    With most miraculous organ, I'll have these Players
  Ros. Madam, it so fell out that certain players
  Oph. My lord, I have remembrances of yours
    You go not till I set you up a glass
    That it might please you to give quiet pass
    And I the matter will reword; which madness
    And makes as healthful music. It is not madness
    And that shall lend a kind of easiness
    It lifted up it head and did address
    Of this his nephew's purpose, to suppress
    Upon our first, he sent out to suppress
  Ham. Two thousand souls and twenty thousand ducats
    Why you proceeded not against these feats
  Ham. Thrift, thrift, Horatio! The funeral bak'd meats
    But I do prophesy th' election lights
  Ham. That you must teach me. But let me conjure you by the rights
    Free me so far in your most generous thoughts
    That no revenue hast but thy good spirits
    O heavens! is't possible a young maid's wits
    Between the pass and fell incensed points
    And there I see such black and grained spots
    seems harsh and unwilling awhile, but in the end accepts
    Wherein they say you shine, Your sun of parts
    question next, say 'a grave-maker.' The houses he makes lasts
    That spirit upon whose weal depends and rests
    Was falsely borne in hand, sends out arrests
    This unprevailing woe, and think of us
  King. I like him not, nor stands it safe with us
    When our deep plots do pall; and that should learn us
         With eyes like carbuncles, the hellish Pyrrhus
    Whether aught to us unknown afflicts him thus
    Whereon his brains still beating puts him thus
    it make the unskilful laugh, cannot but make the judicious
    question of the play be then to be considered. That's villanous
  Pol. I did enact Julius Caesar; I was kill'd i' th' Capitol; Brutus
    Hath op'd his ponderous and marble jaws
    Even here between the chaste unsmirched brows
    And sets a blister there; makes marriage vows
    sweet, and by very much more handsome than fine. One speech in't
            Young men will do't if they come to't
    To serve in such a difference. What devil was't
    Lord, we know what we are, but know not what we may be. God be at
  Ham. Has this fellow no feeling of his business, that he sings at
    all welcome. We'll e'en to't like French falconers, fly at
  Ham. A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat
    That monster, custom, who all sense doth eat
    They are not near my conscience; their defeat
    Even for an eggshell. Rightly to be great
    But, in the verity of extolment, I take him to be a soul of great
    Ay, thou poor ghost, while memory holds a seat
    How dost thou, good lord?' This might be my Lord Such-a-one, that
    knave jowls it to the ground,as if 'twere Cain's jawbone, that
    now? your gambols? your songs? your flashes of merriment that
    tell how. But, my lord, his Majesty bade me signify to you that
  Ros. Truly, and I hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that
    dreadfully attended. But in the beaten way of friendship, what
    beauty of the world, the paragon of animals! And yet to me what
    needs marry, marry a fool; for wise men know well enough what
  Oph. Pray let's have no words of this; but when they ask, you what
    Tweaks me by th' nose? gives me the lie i' th' throat
    Doth with his lofty and shrill-sounding throat
    At gaming, swearing, or about some act
  Ham. Such an act
    The leperous distilment; whose effect
    'Twere better not assay'd. Therefore this project
    Must give us pause. There's the respect
  Pol. [aside] How say you by that? Still harping on my daughter. Yet
    (As I perchance hereafter shall think meet
    counsel. Come, my coach! Good night, ladies. Good night, sweet
    And blow them at the moon. O, 'tis most sweet
      Most necessary 'tis that we forget
    Grating so harshly all his days of quiet
    This gentle and unforc'd accord of Hamlet
    Dar'd to the combat; in which our valiant Hamlet
    Pays homage to us,- thou mayst not coldly set
    And with a sudden vigour it doth posset
    And therefore I forbid my tears; but yet
  Ham. Haste me to know't, that I, with wings as swift
    By heaven, thy madness shall be paid by weight
         That lend a tyrannous and a damned light
    prais'd my Lord Such-a-one's horse when he meant to beg it- might
    In the dead vast and middle of the night
  Hor. What art thou that usurp'st this time of night
    Let us impart what we have seen to-night
    Thou liv'st; report me and my cause aright
    With the brave beast. So far he topp'd my thought
    But answer made it none. Yet once methought
    sir, though I most powerfully and potently believe, yet I hold it
  Ham. Yours, yours. [Exit Osric.] He does well to commend it
    imagination trace the noble dust of Alexander till he find it
    excellent voice, in this little organ, yet cannot you make it
    It fits your wisdom so far to believe it
    I chiefly lov'd. 'Twas AEneas' tale to Dido, and thereabout of it
    Is not more ugly to the thing that helps it
    Could force his soul so to his own conceit
    Which is the mightier. In his lawless fit
    And, sister, as the winds give benefit
  Guil. The Queen, your mother, in most great affliction of spirit
    Thus much the business is: we have here writ
    And I beseech you instantly to visit
    ladies. Good night, good night.                         Exit
    O heat, dry up my brains! Tears seven times salt
    Observe my uncle. If his occulted guilt
    So full of artless jealousy is guilt
    calumny. Get thee to a nunnery. Go, farewell. Or if thou wilt
    And they can well on horseback; but this gallant
    Th' associates tend, and everything is bent
  Hor. [aside to Hamlet] I knew you must be edified by the margent
    I stand aloof, and will no reconcilement
    I am sorry that with better heed and judgment
    And waits upon the judgment; and what judgment
    But do not dull thy palm with entertainment
    And enterprises of great pith and moment
    Which is not tomb enough and continent
    very day that young Hamlet was born- he that is mad, and sent
    Against the which a moiety competent
    Do I impart toward you. For your intent
    Was our sea-fight; and what to this was sequent
    This is but scratch'd withal. I'll touch my point
    Should have kept short, restrain'd, and out of haunt
                                                          Exeunt
    No reckoning made, but sent to my account
    That thou so many princes at a shot
    Go to their graves like beds, fight for a plot
    Cries cuckold to my father; brands the harlot
  Ham. I would you did, sir; yet, in faith, if you did, it would not
  King. I have nothing with this answer, Hamlet. These words are not
  Ham. In heaven. Send thither to see. If your messenger find him not
    him and drown him, he drowns not himself. Argal, he that is not
    Looking before and after, gave us not
    continual practice. I shall win at the odds. But thou wouldst not
  Ham. Let her not walk i' th' sun. Conception is a blessing, but not
    Shall you my son. You have me, have you not
  Ham. To what base uses we may return, Horatio! Why may not
  Osr. Exceedingly, my lord; it is very sultry, as 'twere- I cannot
  Oph. I hope all will be well. We must be patient; but I cannot
         With heraldry more dismal. Head to foot
    It warms the very sickness in my heart
    Had he been vanquisher, as, by the same comart
  Osr. Sweet lord, if your lordship were at leisure, I should impart
  Guil. Good my lord, put your discourse into some frame, and start
    Lest with this piteous action you convert
    To make it truster of your own report
    And gave you such a masterly report
    And with a look so piteous in purport
      When she saw Pyrrhus make malicious sport
    As it is common for the younger sort
    That you vouchsafe your rest here in our court
    will last you some eight year or nine year. A tanner will last
    By laboursome petition, and at last
    All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past
    This heavy-headed revel east and west
    Whose motive in this case should stir me most
    servants; for, to speak to you like an honest man, I am most
    She married. O, most wicked speed, to post
    So to seduce!- won to his shameful lust
    Most lazar-like, with vile and loathsome crust
    And either [master] the devil, or throw him out
    When churchyards yawn, and hell itself breathes out
  Ham. My fate cries out
    The kettledrum and trumpet thus bray out
    That inward breaks, and shows no cause without
  Ham. Why, look you now, how unworthy a thing you make of me! You
    The story is extant, and written in very choice Italian. You
    them. Let the King have the letters I have sent, and repair thou
    given you one face, and you make yourselves another. You jig, you
    my mother. Therefore no more, but to the matter! My mother, you
    inoculate our old stock but we shall relish of it. I loved you
    To whom he more adheres. If it will please you
    there, seek him i' th' other place yourself. But indeed, if you
    And that in way of caution- I must tell you
    Good my lord, will you see the players well bestow'd? Do you
    for love- very near this. I'll speak to him again.- What do you
    Dies not alone, but like a gulf doth draw
    But greatly to find quarrel in a straw
    Finger'd their packet, and in fine withdrew
  Hor. 'Twere good she were spoken with; for she may strew
    through the most fann'd and winnowed opinions; and do but blow
      The bold winds speechless, and the orb below
    How to forget that learning; but, sir, now
    of question and are most tyrannically clapp'd fort. These are now
         How should I your true-love know
    Let's do't, I pray; and I this morning know
    And ever three parts coward,- I do not know
    It did me yeoman's service. Wilt thou know
    sing? Will they not say afterwards, if they should grow
    Hazard so near us as doth hourly grow
    And in the cup an union shall he throw
    And if thou prate of mountains, let them throw
    Bears such an emphasis? whose phrase of sorrow
    That it went hand in hand even with the vow
    To flaming youth let virtue be as wax
    And do such bitter business as the day
    The changeling never known. Now, the next day
    No jocund health that Denmark drinks to-day
    That would not let me sleep. Methought I lay
    Pull'd the poor wretch from her melodious lay
    But if you hold it fit, after the play
    They bear the mandate; they must sweep my way
    And at the sound it shrunk in haste away
  Pol. Away, I do beseech you, both away
    That, laps'd in time and passion, lets go by
  Pol. Marry, I will teach you! Think yourself a baby
    To wash it white as snow? Whereto serves mercy
    Go seek him out; speak fair, and bring the body
    With which she followed my poor father's body
    And makes each petty artire in this body
    Unto the voice and yielding of that body
    ancient gentlemen but gard'ners, ditchers, and grave-makers. They
                [Laertes wounds Hamlet; then] in scuffling, they
  Ham. What, are they children? Who maintains 'em? How are they
  Ros. Good my lord, what is your cause of distemper? You do surely
  Clown. Is she to be buried in Christian burial when she wilfully
    For good Polonius' death, and we have done but greenly
    appurtenance of welcome is fashion and ceremony. Let me comply
    You do not understand yourself so clearly
    Been struck so to the soul that presently
    That's not my meaning. But breathe his faults so quaintly
    Would not this, sir, and a forest of feathers- if the rest of my
  Ham. No such matter! I will not sort you with the rest of my
    feather. I have of late- but wherefore I know not- lost all my
    pluck out the heart of my mystery; you would sound me from my
    I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious; with more offences at my
    willingly part withal- except my life, except my life, except my
    I will win for him if I can; if not, I will gain nothing but my
    heroes the beggars' shadows. Shall we to th' court? for, by my
  Ham. We shall obey, were she ten times our mother. Have you any
  Clown. Faith, if 'a be not rotten before 'a die (as we have many
    And hath abatements and delays as many
  Clown. Why, here in Denmark. I have been sexton here, man and boy
    And there did seem in him a kind of joy
      Each opposite that blanks the face of joy
      The violence of either grief or joy
    spectators to laugh too, though in the mean time some necessary
    glean'd, it is but squeezing you and, sponge, you shall be dry
    And these few precepts in thy memory
    Yea, from the table of my memory
    A station like the herald Mercury
    With this regard their currents turn awry
    This bodiless creation ecstasy
    And that in Hamlet's hearing, for a quality
    gone, far gone! And truly in my youth I suff'red much extremity
    From me, whose love was of that dignity
    If you desire to know the certainty
      Thy natural magic and dire property
  Ham. No, faith, not a jot; but to follow him thither with modesty
    The lives of many. The cesse of majesty
    And we did think it writ down in our duty
    Did Hamlet so envenom with his envy
