is death, not pain. So gently gliding
 They're settled in; and crawling, sliding,
 for shame and fear my wits are sliding...
 Vladimir drops, hand softly sliding
 each in tumultuous turn descending
 On the seashore, with storm impending,
 Whatever for caprice of spending
 ingenious London has been sending
 What of it? Nothing. I'm just sending
 but, inside brackets, I'm contending
 and there, love's protestations, binding
 There you're entirely sure of finding
 (that half-pay archivist); and bounding
 No, I was born for peace abounding
 ``The peasants there have wealth abounding,
 listless, impatient, for the pounding
 &lt; Petushk&oacute;v's nails and spurs are sounding
 in goods and fame!'' But the sad-sounding
 They sing; unmoved by their sweet-sounding
 has voices that are more resounding,
 Her husband enters, thus concluding
 he and Onegin start alluding
 Tanya profoundly Russian being,
 or simply bow: within her being
 the utter virtue of their being,
 in the expression of its being,
 shocked by their modish pride, and fleeing
 in Russian winters thrilled at seeing
 but piteous he, the all-foreseeing,
 a word or two, or stare unseeing,
 stare hard at her before exchanging
 In swarms around Tatyana ranging,
 bottles to which some pitch is clinging:
 his beasts outdoors at dawn, nor ringing
 she's turned up in my garden, bringing
 (alas, too salted); now they're bringing
 while in the hut a girl is singing;
 she loved the steppe-land and its singing,
 came distant horns, and gallant singing.
 and then a boat, with oars a-swinging,
 its echoes, its belated urging,
 its wayward tricks, its violent surging,
 outside the house. But you'll be aching
 the hour was late. And now from aching
 to whom, in a fine flow of preaching,
 he had conveyed some moral teaching,
 was stripped away, and mists encroaching
 their southward flight: one saw approaching
 and iron bridges will go arching
 audacious tunnels will be marching:
 They've missed Eugene's completed etching.
 But she who modelled for the sketching
 that queen of secrets and of sighing.
 inspires your lute to sounds of sighing?
 Now Tanya's groaning, now she's sighing;
 daren't look behind her; fairly dashing --
 our troikas effortlessly dashing,
 And now, monotonously dashing
 Then our Automedons are flashing,
 with spinning noise and senseless flashing
 breaking the lilac bushes, smashing
 the shepherd sings of Volga's fishing
 Below it, when sprang rains are swishing,
 and for her cheeks to cease their blushing;
 but wildly still her heart is rushing,
 Not so? ``No, sirs, the ode's the thing,
 all a pure maiden's love was breathing.
 Elbow on table, spirit seething,
 and ``what's your name?'' she asks him, speaking
 For such am I. When you were speaking
 the foes, cold-blooded and unspeaking,
 affected pose - and an unspeaking
 it was quite torn in half and breaking.
 after your drive, it's quite back-breaking;
 only the pallor of heart-breaking
 a far-flung traveller who was creaking
 is sad old moon's... Hark! snow is creaking...
 Tatyana flushed, and started shaking.
 council, and with profound head-shaking
 and growing thicker; then, heart-shaking,
 night of the second, started flaking.
 his life till dawn's already making,
 Neighbours in whispered tones are taking
 ``the mail explains the time he's taking.''
 over the business of leave-taking,
 a scream rings out... the cabin's quaking...
 Then, after midday he'll be waking;
 Next day Tatyana, early waking,
 ``oh, quit your stale, your tedious quacking,
 is this the man that you were seeking?
 ``Now march.'' And calmly, not yet seeking
 She looks: forgotten past all chalking
 the merchant's up, the cabman's walking
 a riding whip. Tanya keeps walking...
 maiden in this superb, unthinking
 spurs of Chevalier Gardes are clinking,
 incendiary looks are slinking,
 would have divined the tender, shrinking
 Straight up the chimney, pipes were smoking.
 such is the usual country cooking;
 Vladimir, wealthy and good-looking,
 The hearth was low beyond all stoking.
 towards his stall, the pedlar's hawking;
